Yo, what is up guys? Karim here. And in today's video, I'm going to be sharing with you guys my League Start currency making plans, as well as giving you guys a new progression Atlas passive tree everyone's talking about and a lot of people are going to be using to progress the Atlas fast and get Exarch and Eater of Worlds down quick smart. All right, so what is this new Atlas progression strategy? Well, in the past, we've taken stuff like Essence, Strombox, and Expedition while we try and build up our map pool and progress our map tiers. This is so that you can generate currency while also making progress towards Eater and Exarch. And this is a pretty good strategy still if you have a build which needs a bit of currency in order to get going. But if you're playing a build which doesn't really need much currency at all, like Lightning Arrow, which is fully capable of going all the way from Twilight Strand to killing Eater and Exarch in solo self-found gear and fall links, the strategy I'm about to tell you guys is fully capable of being one of the best that you can use to progress quickly. So if you've got a build... that's got guts and you're ready to try and turbo through the Atlas, let's talk about how it works. So instead of sticking into things like essence and strong boxes, instead you're gonna make a beeline all the way up the center of the tree to Wandering Path. And Wandering Path essentially disables all your notables, but instead doubles the effect of all small Atlas passive skills. Now the things that we wanna double are these nodes here. X percent chance for one monster in each of your maps to drop an additional connected map. And if you take enough of these nodes here, you can actually get that chance to 100%. Meaning whenever you're running a map in your Atlas, you're going to have a 100% chance to drop a connected map. Meaning you now have infinite map sustain on all of your maps. You will always sustain and drop one additional map. A big deal. And the biggest deal here is that it's going to be a connected map. Meaning it's always going to be tier appropriate. And it can very likely actually be a tier higher than the map you're already running. So if you have a 100% chance to sustain and that map that you do sustain will be a really decent tier, and it'll also allow you to target maps which are adjacent to ones you already have and hopefully get a little bit more completion. Overall it's going to really give you a much bigger map pool, because that connected map is on top of the maps you would already normally drop, meaning you're going to have an overabundance of maps which will really give you a lot of options and even maybe allow you to sell some of them, which is really really good. And of course you can go up the tiers much quicker, because you're going to be dropping all those connected maps as well. Now the cool thing about this strategy though is it also has other additional perks. You've got your 100% map sustain and your connected map tech, but you also have the T.R.A.C. nodes here. You're going to be having a chance to get way more T.R.A.C. modifiers and missions than any other player normally would. You can see here just from the small nodes here you're getting 8% chance when you complete a map to get a T.R.A.C. mission. Now the cool thing about T.R.A.C. missions is that when you actually... activate them on the map device, you actually get a full suite of maps to purchase off of TIRAC. And of course, these maps can be higher tiers, but also maps that you haven't completed yet. And by running them, yep, you're going to be getting even more maps, which you can then run with your atlas and get even more of them. So you're basically just going to have an overabundance of maps, and hopefully ones that you haven't done yet. So overall, it's a massive boost to everything that you can possibly imagine with progressing your atlas quickly. Now this is so strong that players are getting Exarch and Eda done from Act 10 all the way through Tier 1, 2, 3, all the way up to T16 maps and then dead in roughly 4-6 hours. And I've seen players who I wouldn't consider races getting those kinds of times. So it really is that strong. And the general play style of this progression system is that once you have a map back from the one you're running from your atlas passive tree, you can kind of just kill the boss and get out of there. You don't even have to full clear the map any longer. because you kind of already have sustain checked off on your list. So overall, this is what I'm going to be running at league start, and it is definitely something I recommend checking out for you guys as well. If you're interested in exactly how to allocate your points, here is the known most optimal way to do so. So you're gonna put your first point in here and travel all the way up to the center here. Then you're gonna go through the Keirak nodes, and then you're gonna go around here, grab all the map nodes here, go through the seventh gate, up through these item quantities, and grab wandering path. You're then gonna path over here and grab the two map nodes here, and then go down here and grab the two map nodes here. And then all you need to do is finish off your tree by grabbing the connected nodes here, and that's gonna take you up to 100%, which you can see over here, which is a 100% chance to sustain your map pool. Very, very nice indeed. So that's what I'm gonna be doing to progress my Atlas quickly, and it's gonna take me all the way up to getting Exarch and Eater of World Ultis online and ready. to go. So after I kill the Sirian Exarch and Eater of Worlds with the Wandering Path strategy, I'm going to stick with it for a little bit longer. I'm going to use the Wandering Path strategy and the infinite sustain that comes with it to build up a tier 16 map pool. I think I'm going to be aiming for around 20 to 30 tier 16 maps, but after that, I'm going to swap to a new Atlas Passive strategy, which focuses on making currency making instead of progression. I've got two different trees, which I'm currently debating which one I want to go for. And I think I'm going to decide in the moment, depending on the prices that I'm going to be looking at. I'm going to be deciding between Legion as well as Heist Essence, one of them using Seventh Gate. After you finish the base Wandering Path tree, you might be a little bit confused where to put your remaining Atlas Passive points. My recommendation and what I'm going to do is to start specking into the Atlas Passive tree you plan to farm in end game. So for example, if it was Legion, you could start taking the Legion nodes. And overall, once you have a suitable map pool and XR can eat a dead. you can begin respeccing the Wandering Path nodes and then fully transitioning into the strategy you want to actually run. And of course, you're already going to be most of the way there because you'll be putting all your spare points in it and that's going to be pretty damn good. So the first strategy I'm considering running, of course, is the tried, the true Legion. No surprise, but there's three big changes coming to Legion in patch 3.22. First and foremost, we have Legion as a Keurig modifier now, which is a massive increase to the profitability overall of this mechanic, but not just that, also the accessibility of the mechanic. You can get in and start doing multiple Legions per map without the need for Scarabs and Sextants, which is a big boost to its League spot viability specifically, but I'll get into that when I talk about this tree here. Reason number two, or point number two here, is five-way farming did get nerfed. So the five-way XP boosting meta is definitely going to be substantially hindered. And that affects us because we were the overall suppliers of the five-way. 5-way emblems to those players. So if they're nerfed, we in theory are nerfed as well. However, I'm not overly concerned about this because 5-way boosting is still likely going to be the best way to power level other players. And I fully imagine all the players who were doing it in the past are still going to be doing it just as much now. And all the players who bought it are still going to buy it. So we're still going to have people to sell our emblems to, no problems. But if that's not the case, well, reason number three and point number three here is we do have a new revenue stream in the form of two new items, which are going to be very easily acquirable, I imagine, from Legion. Silver coins and sanctum maps. So silver coins and sanctum maps seem and are likely going to operate like heist contracts. The more monsters you slay, the more of them you'll get. And Legions add some of the most monsters for any solo player out of all the mechanics, meaning they're going to be a great way to boost the amount of silver coins and sanctum maps you can get in your maps. So overall, it's going to be. to be a big profit boost, I imagine. And it's going to increase your revenue. So we've got a big boost from Kirak and a big boost from two new drops and a bit of a question mark on our emblem. So overall, my takeaway from Legion is that it's probably going to be better than ever. So the way I'm going to run my Legion strategy is as follows. I'm going to be going for stream of consciousness. I'm going to take any tier 14 to T16 map I've dropped from my wandering path farm or drop in the future. And I'm going to chisel out and vile it. Then I'm going to go ahead and jam it in the map device and activate Kirak Legion and go ahead and blast them all. The reason I'm feeling this is going to be the best way to go is that scarabs and Legion compasses and everything of the like are very hard to acquire on days one, two, and even sometimes three in any meaningful quantity. So you spend most of your time trading instead of blasting. In this strategy here, using stream of consciousness, combining it with the new Kirak modifier and any map that drops. that we want, which is an open layout, we're going to be good to go, and we can smash as many legions as we want and focus on getting as much currency per hour as we can. Now, this tree overall is specialized for just that. We've got domination shrines, all the map nodes to focus on map sustain, and of course we have all the legion nodes. Now, our main goal here is going to be make as much currency as we can, of course, for our gear, but also start working towards getting our favorite slots unlocked so that we can start favoriting dunes, which is going to be the best map for legion overall in the new patch. And then after we do get enough favorites to go for dunes, we're going to go ahead and swap over to this atlas passive tree. And by the time we do get them and we do get our dunes map pull up and going, scarabs should start to be on the market and we can start to use scarabs as well. Now, this strategy is an end game legion strategy here, this tree, and you can find a full breakdown of how it works and all the options over on Maxwell GG after the league releases. But that's the general breakdown. Wandering Path into Legion's Stream of Consciousness, and then we're gonna transition into a full endgame Legion strat, if I decide to go for Legion. So the other strategy I'm strongly considering running is a 7th Gate Heist Essence Speed Farming strategy using Searing Exarch Altars. The general idea behind this strategy is to take any Tier 14 to 16 map that you've got, chisel it up, alch it, and blast it in there with Heist Tier Arc Modifier on there, click on all the caches, click on all the essences, kill the boss, get out of there, and do more maps. Overall, it's a great play style, a lot of fun, doesn't require you to go get a bunch of favorites, and also doesn't require you to have all the Void Stones. It's also an incredibly smooth transition straight from Wandering Path to this strategy. So it has a lot going for it. The main reason I'm particularly interested in running this strategy, though, is the exclusivity of 7th Gate. 7th Gate allows you to access all Tier Arc Modifiers, even if they're not available. in the current league. And of course, one of them, which is not available in the current league, is the heist modifier. Meaning, players farming this strategy or ones like it without Seventh Gate are substantially disadvantaged compared to you, giving you a big edge and meaning you have a lot more power in the market. So you're gonna be getting way more heist contracts and blueprints, and you can really sell a lot in bulk and probably get a better price for them as well overall. I like strategies where you have an edge and this one definitely does seem to have one over people who don't know about it. So definitely very enticing. This strategy also has a pretty damn large amount of monster kills per hour, so you're likely gonna be getting a good amount of silver coins as well as sanctum books to sell on the open market, which can be pretty great if you're interested in the league mechanic. Now comparing the two strats, I'm not sure which one I'm gonna go for yet. My gut is telling me that Heist Essence is likely gonna be the stronger pick earlier on in days one and two and a smoother transition. from the Wandering Path strategy, and it's likely gonna be more accessible to more builds if you're interested in going for it. It can also be pretty good because you do have that edge over players who don't know about Seventh Gate. But Legion is tried, it's true, and it's likely going to be a complete endgame monster, and it just scales so insanely in the economy into endgame, thanks to stuff like incubators, the Legion sets, and all sorts of stuff. And of course, Kirak modifier on the map dives for Legion is just insane as well. So I'd probably go Heist Essence early for the advantage, or I'd go Legion if you wanna scale late, that would be my decision. Now, overall, I will also be running the League Mechanic and experimenting with it, of course, to see how profitable it was. I'll be using all my own silver coins, and you guys can expect to see exactly how strong the Mechanic is and how to run it from the old Grimm here. But there's plenty of other strategies I would recommend as well. Maybe Expedition, Delirium Orbs, Delirium Mirrors, Harvest, The Works, probably more Blight is also very good for League Start. And you can find all of those. as well as these guides over on MaxwellGG, updated for 3.22, which I'll link down in the description if you want. Hope this, guys, has given you guys a bit of info on what the crew is planning, and maybe given you guys some ideas of your own. You can find all the trees down below. And until next time, hope you guys have enjoyed. Cheers.