Yo, what is up guys, Grim here, and in today's video, I'm gonna share with you guys all my day one Trial of the Ancestors findings. So first, I'm gonna give you guys an introduction of how I learned to run the mechanic and how I tried to maximize the efficiency. So in order to run Trial of the Ancestors, you will need some silver coins, but they are incredibly common even throughout the campaign and especially in maps as well. So common in fact, they're basically close to free if you try to buy them. So when you use a silver coin, you'll get a portal to the Halls of the Dead, and after you get into the Halls of the Dead, all you have to do is interact with the Well of Passing. Now after doing that, if you want to play the mechanic straight away and you don't care about lore or anything like that, hightail it all the way down here to the Eye of Destiny. So once you get here, you'll be able to engage in combat and start a match, and depending on which match you decide to try and start with whichever player you decide to go against, you will get different rewards. So it's pretty simple, pick the reward which is best, and overall the rewards do You scale as you complete more and more tournaments and you can complete and increase what is called your ranking. So your ranking basically determines what level of enemies you are versing and I think you start out around rank 150 and every tournament win you complete, you will get more and more ranking which will make the enemies harder and harder and directly scale the rewards that you are offered. Now, overall, the most noticeable scaling factor is to the currency. I think I started out getting roughly 2-3C per round which I won when Chaos Orbs arrived but now I always notice around 4-5C. Sometimes I think, if I recall correctly, I did get 6C at one stage as well. And I have to imagine this is gonna give you the rarer tattoos and overall better rewards in general. So you can get currency, div cards, uniques, rares and tattoos from this screen here. Now, also on here you can see that you're going against specific opponents. There is 10 different types of opponents in total and they all have their own themes of fighting them and the units they use and all sorts of stuff like that. You will also notice that you do get certain points here for defeating them. That is somewhat relevant, but not really. You don't have to worry too much about that. You mainly want to focus on the rewards and just look for whatever is most rewarding. And after you've decided what you want to go for here, so I'm going to go ahead and go for these fusings here, you can start the round. And then once you get into this screen here, essentially you've got a few things that you're going to have to consider. First and foremost, what units do you have? And also what on earth are you going to put on the board here? So I generally completely ignore my enemy. I don't know if that's correct, but I haven't had any issues so far. But overall, here's what I do. So you can see that there's four different positions. There is defender, there is escort, and there is attacker and flanker. So the most important thing to realize here is this is essentially kind of different ways that you can use your units. So for example, the flanker position. if you put a unit here, they will pretty much always ignore all the enemy's NPCs and they will go around the field and start attacking the enemy's base, pretty much ignoring any sort of enemy unit. Now, overall, that's the position I think is actually most valuable because you as a player can defend the base and you as a player can also attack the enemy and sweep up their units. However, what you can't really very effectively do is destroy the enemy's base as a player. There's some strict penalties imposed on the player for trying to destroy the enemy's base, which I'll show you guys. So overall, I recommend first and foremost outfitting the flanker positions with your best units, or the units which you think are most suitable for that position. So I generally try and put some melee guys here. You know, like we've got a Tuatara. I generally kind of use this guy here most first and foremost. Basically, you want a unit which is pretty quick and, you know, not gonna be too much of a kind of overall beast. So kind of weak melee. Fast, that's the kind of vibe you want here. So we're gonna go ahead and put this warrior here. We're gonna go ahead and put, you know, maybe this guy, this Hidecross Horn and the Fieldmaster here. So these guys are all gonna go and try ahead and destroy the enemy's base. Now, the next position I generally try and fill out is the attacker and escort position. So I generally put all my melee fighters who are intended to be doing damage or interacting with the enemy in the front here. So tanks, guys who do kind of any sort of melee attack, anything like that. And I generally put all my casters in the escort kind of position here. So the attacker position is generally just gonna bash into the enemy's units here. I don't really think that they kind of prioritize going ahead and destroying the enemy's base. They generally focus on killing the enemy's units. And the escort position here, I believe, I'm not 100% sure, but I believe they try and assist you and move wherever you are. That is what I think that they do. So they're kind of tied to you as a player. So attackers go for the enemy's units. The flank. go for the enemy's base, and the escorts are generally trying to help you. And I generally try and put supportive units or casters in the escort position here, because they have a lot of crowd control and things like that. So this unit here, throws cold spells from a distance, is a pretty good example of that, they do a big cold wave. And then finally, the last position here, Defender, is essentially a position where you can put units in, and they will just literally sit in your base. And if the enemy tries to attack your base, they will sit there, and they will defend. So overall, those are the positions. So let's see how it actually plays out when I start a match. So the overall goal of Trial of the Ancestors, is to make sure that you kill all the enemies that you track down and you see. So we can see here some enemies. And then after you do that, you want to go ahead and try and destroy the enemy's base. So what is the enemy's base, and how do you destroy it? Well, you'll notice these totems here. This is essentially the enemy's base. And for every totem you destroy, you knock an enemy unit out of the fight. Enemy units respawn at these totems after you kill them after a few. and after you knock them out of the fight, they can no longer respawn in the current round. Now the catch is, that also goes for you. The enemy will try and attack your totems as well and knock your units out of the fight. And of course, if they destroy your totems, then your units won't respawn for the rest of the fight either. And that's basically the name of the game. Now in order to destroy a totem though, it's not quite clear cut. You don't use your skills, you don't use your abilities, you actually have to channel on the totem by left clicking on it. And you'll notice that the life bar goes down and that's gonna be how it kind of goes. Now there is a catch with this though. As a player, your channeling is actually as good as one unit on your team. So you as a player are obviously far more powerful than any unit on your team though. You can kill the entire enemy's wave of units by yourself, but your allies can only kill one or two enemies, maybe max by themselves. So overall, you would much prefer to be killing enemies yourself while your team does the channeling on the totems. That's why we prioritised the positions earlier and went for what we did. And that's kind of why you set things up the way you do. Now that also goes for defending though. You can also make it so the enemies can't attack your base as easily and all sorts of stuff like that as a player. So overall, that's what I recommend. You're gonna put all your units in the flank position, then go and prioritise attacker, and then finally prioritise escort. And then if you have any units left over, go for defender. That is my overall guidance on that one. Now, when you're in a fight though, why am I saying that it's so hard for a player to attack, even though it might not be as efficient? Well, if you go ahead and come up here and you try and attack an enemy totem, and you're kind of start channeling, you're like, I'm gonna kill this here. An enemy, if they hit you, will actually stun you for an incredibly long time here. Death draw, five second stun. So if you get hit at all by anything, even if they sneeze on you, they will stun you, which is obviously a disaster. And of course, enemies can come and attack your totems as well. But it also goes for them. If you hit them while they're trying to channel your totems, you will also stun them. so there is a massive penalty for trying to attack the enemy's base or when the enemy attacks your base and they get hit. So overall, the best approach really is kill all the enemy's enemies, protect your base by knocking them out, and then allow your units to do all the channeling because you have so many of them and they will essentially dog pile the enemy's totems and completely wipe out their base. Generally, the first few totems that you knock out are the most important because they overall will kind of turn the tide and make it so enemies kind of like have less of a presence and you will essentially just overwhelm them after some time and completely crush them. And that is generally the TLDR of the Trial of the Ancestors kind of mechanic that that's all you really have to do. Put the positions correctly, make sure you defend your base and attack the enemy's units, and that's pretty much all there is to it. So let's talk a little bit more about beefing up your team though and also acquiring new units. So when you're actually fighting against these enemies here, the tournament will progress. So after you beat each round, you will have more enemies to fight. Their rewards will be. So you can see here, we have a fresh set of rewards here, and you can go up against those enemies and kind of take them out in a new fashion here. But as you move through the tournament, the enemies will get stronger and stronger and stronger, and then in the finals, you'll be up against enemies which have like full elite enemies and teams and all sorts of stuff like that. So in order to match their strength, you can spend favor with each of the different clans, have you will, and get new units and upgrade your units. So what are you gonna do with those points? Well, what I've found to be the best is first and foremost, after every round, you're gonna get 250 coins, regardless of whether you win, lose, or who you battled with Nivali. And Nivali will always offer you one unit for 250. So the first thing you guys are gonna wanna do after you beat a round and you kind of come out, win or lose, is go to Nivali and buy a unit. You can control click it, and that'll give you an extra unit to place on the field, and you're gonna put them in the positions which I told you guys. Now, the next thing you wanna do is see if you have anyone who has favor of around 500 to 1,000. If you have someone who has 500 to 1,000 favor, you can kind of try and find them on the map here, the corresponding icon here on the mini-map, and you can see if you can buy any units from them. So I can buy a unit from this guy, that's great. And what you want to do is prioritize buying units as much as you can until you have a full team. Having more units on the field will allow your guys to channel on the enemy's totems faster and kill everything faster, increasing your chaos and currency per hour overall. So that's a good thing. You want to have all the enemies taken out and have all your guys channeling on their totems and knocking everything out quick. So it's going to increase the amount of tournaments that you can beat per hour. So overall, it's going to be pretty good. So we're going to buy this guy here, 600 juice. Do we have anything else? We don't really look like have anything else, nothing over 500 to 1,000 really there. So we're going to go ahead and pick our next round here. So four chaos here, it looks pretty good. And now we're going to place down our new units in the order of operations we set. So we've got a caster here, put him there. We've got a wall caller here, buffs with onslaught. Okay, unaffected by looks like this guy is going to be. an attacker and a spearfish, this guy can be an attacker as well. So overall, I've put my units in, we'll start, we'll go through the process again and again and again, we'll take them out and overall, that's how it's gonna be. Let me give you guys a little bit more of an idea on how much currency you guys can expect to make from this mechanic as also how profitable it is. So overall, generally where I'm at, which is item level or enemy level 79, you're gonna be getting roughly, you know, anywhere between two to 5C worth of value from beating a round, you know, kind of per win, whether that's raw chaos or other assorted currencies or anything like that. So it's not bad, but sometimes, especially if you're a little bit weaker, you will have some trouble with the mechanic. It can take you anywhere between, you know, five upwards to 10 minutes to beat a round. So that's not gonna be the most insane currency per hour, at least for now with the current understanding we have of how everything works and the very rudimentary understanding of the units and the way to assign them that we have. Now it could get better and higher rankings. I'm not too sure yet, but overall. That's where at now tattoos is also a very good reward here, but in general the community hasn't really caught on to tattoos No, one's really buying them for any large amount of currency And you don't really get the best ones very frequently at least from what I've seen so far I've had all my tattoos which I've gotten in a 10-day dump tab right now For the entirety of day one and a portion of day two here, and I haven't gotten a single DM for any of my tattoos Yeah, so I've just been using them myself But overall if tattoos become more expensive then of course this league mechanic will become more rewarding But at least right now That's kind of where we're sitting at now after you finish a tournament here after you complete enough Matches which is in the ballpark around seven to eight you will get a special reward Hinokoro will you know be like hey you won the tournament and she will give you your standard reward from beating the round But she will also give you a choice between two other rewards so far this has always been a choice between an honored tattoo and an omen and you can choose between one of those two and and they're both random what you can get. So far, I haven't really gotten anything good from the end of tournament rewards. I've always picked the tattoo, but you know, as I mentioned, no one's really buying tattoos right now. However, I do think that most of the best tattoos are actually honored tattoos, so beating tournaments is likely gonna be the way to go. And as mentioned, silver coins really aren't that expensive at this point, so definitely not too bad there. You could potentially, if you can clear out the rounds pretty quickly, make some pretty reasonable currency per hour, assuming the tattoos are eventually going to be going up in price. Now, a bit of an advanced set of info here, so we've kind of gotten through the basics. Let's take a little bit of a look of how we kind of really get things going and try and increase our clear speed here. I'm gonna give you guys a few tips. So generally, you have to kind of defend your base. Whenever you see an X on any of your totems, go over, stun them, kill the unit, make sure they don't kill any of your guys. But you can see an X down there, get him out of there. I wanna give you guys a bit of info on what I generally do when I've got downtime, though. So all these guys are respawning. We've got our totems killing everything in general here. But what I like to do is kind of hang around the back of the enemy's base. And whenever I see I've got a free second, I will start to click on an ancestor totem here and I'll just wear them down. But as soon as any enemy starts to come near me, I will of course move away. But sometimes I can snipe a totem here or there. I'm gonna go stop this guy from killing my totem here. Offscreen him a bit with some LA here and get him to stop it. Yeah, if you can pick off any HP on any of the enemy's totems, or you can pick off a whole totem, that's really gonna make it so you're clearing a whole lot faster and turning the tables on them a whole lot faster as well. So I'm gonna pick off this one here. That's gonna be a unit knocked out for the enemy there, which is gonna be pretty great. Stop this guy from attacking me here. And that's gonna be pretty nice. If you can, try and focus on the more elite enemies. You know, if they've got any turtles or big totems, focus on trying to pick off those first and you know, chip away at them. But just make sure you do not get stunned. That is the worst timeline. If you get stunned, that is a disaster. You do not want that. So that's basically the TLDR and everything I've discovered so far on. Of course, day two will probably have more advanced tactics which we discover and mess around with. Definitely look out for the tattoo video I'm going to be putting up though. It's going to be going over all the best tattoos and kind of ranking them preliminarily. And you guys can maybe find a few tattoos that you want to use on your build, because I'm personally using a ton of tattoos so far, and they really do help you out quite a lot. I'm using all these tattoos here, and I wish I could use even more, but buying them is a little bit annoying because they're so cheap, no one responds. But hopefully this has given you guys a little bit more info on Trial of the Ancestors. If you have any suggestions or questions, put them down below. I'll read them and respond to them, and then maybe use them in the next video. But hopefully you guys have enjoyed. Until next time, cheers.