Yo what is up guys, Grim here and in today's video we're going to be answering a question about Trial of the Ancestors that has been floating around quite a lot. And the question is, do the rewards actually get better the higher rank you get? Do you get rarer tattoos? Do you get way more currency? Do you get all sorts of this stuff? Well, in my last video, I was at a poultry rank 450 and we found that the loot between the rank 450 and like 300 roughly, was pretty uninspiring. It wasn't too much to write home about and it wasn't impressing anybody. Now, a lot of people in the comments were like, hey man, you need to push higher. You need to get to the higher ranks if you want some of the good stuff. So of course, I spent the entirety of today pushing my rank higher. And of course, I recorded all the loot I got on the way to share with you guys and see how much you can actually make at these higher ranks here. So I decided to push my rank not to 600, not to 700, but all the way to 1000 because I curious to see what kind of loot we could expect. And at rank 1,000, things certainly start to get a bit dicey. You certainly have to play a little bit differently, and I'll give you guys a full breakdown of how I actually smash this mechanic, even with my build, you know, in the next video. That's gonna be my final video on Trial of the Ancestors, most likely unless they change things. But this video is gonna be all about the high-ranking loot, because there's too much to talk about in one video here. So, loot, how much can you get for going higher? And what is the current theory about this ranking scaling on loot? So the current theory is that most of the exceptionally rare drops that happen in Trial of the Ancestors actually happen only at higher ranks. So many people identified that certain tattoos, certain omens, and also the unique currency, Hinotora's Lock of Hair, they do not drop before a certain rank. Now, what is that rank? Well, people are theorizing that rank is ranked 500 to 600. It's somewhere in that. ballpark, some other people say 650, but it's around about that kind of point. And after you get after that point, that's when you can start dropping the big expensive stuff. And that's when you can start getting the big rewards. So of course I'm here to tell you whether or not that's true. So I've been there, I've gone way past the required point that everyone's saying, and I've farmed in that point for a long time, and I have found quite a lot of interesting stuff. So I took all the loot from our previous video of doing 10 tournaments, and I did a further 49 tournaments to push my ranking up to 1000. So we started at around 300 ranking and went all the way to 1000 ranking and took all of the juice that we got in that period and chucked it in these stash tabs here. So I'm going to give you guys the answer straight out of the gate here, whether or not it gives you better loot at higher rankings. Well, from my findings, the answer is no. answer to that is absolutely yes. It was about the 550 ranking that I noticed a very big difference in what I started getting. So when I got to 550, I started getting the incredibly rare honored tattoos. Now I didn't get one, didn't get two, but I started getting multiple of them on my journey up the ranks. Now previously, before this, I had gotten zero. It wasn't just the improved honored tattoos, I also started getting makanga tattoos suddenly. Now I had gotten none before the 550 point, but then I started getting them. And that's definitely not a coincidence. Now other people report getting the lock of Hinakoro's hair, they report getting even better omens than I did, and they also report getting stuff like the crazy uniques, like the jewel and all sorts of stuff like that. Now I'm not 100% sure which rewards are and aren't dated behind the higher rank, but there's definitely something going on at these higher ranks, 100% at least from my experience, and it definitely feels like something changed after getting to that rank. And where there's smoke, there's fire. So if even I'm feeling that and everyone else is too, well. it's very likely that that might be the case. So overall, rewards definitely do improve, and there has been a whole lot of other findings which do make the mechanic a little bit more enticing as well. So let's take a look and see how much we actually earned overall from everything. So we did our 59 tournaments. Now unfortunately, I only have rewards from 56 of them because I did in fact fail three of them in the very final round. Now I do have all the rewards up to the finals, and I did actually record what the rewards would have been if I had won. And the rewards actually unfortunately would have been a Divine, a Divine and 10 Instilling Orbs, and then of course the three Honored Tattoos that I missed out on. Now we're gonna include and not include these results here to give you guys a bit of an idea of how much I would have made if I wasn't completely washed up. So that'll be in a spreadsheet we'll take a look at here in a second. But overall, the results and the loot were substantially better. at lower ranks. So it's very clear to me at least, I would say I wouldn't recommend farming this seriously and trying to make any kind of money from it until you get to roughly 550-600 ranking, and then after that, similar to Delve, I feel like you can get a pretty good assessment of how good the mechanic is. Now unfortunately my results are a mix between low ranking and high ranking, so we're not going to get a definitive result of how profitable the mechanic is, but I think you should be able to get a pretty good idea of how much you could potentially make if everything lined up and you were blasting the thing at maximum efficiency here. So let's get into the loot and understand a little bit of how much we actually made here. Now a bit of a cliff note, if we take the information and the averages from my last video, for 59 tournaments it would have been roughly 407 rounds, so that's 407 silver coins that I would have had to use, and 15 hours if we take how long it used to take me to clear each round. Now I've actually got some brand new tech which I've been running, thanks to a lot of community members who have made recommendations, so I guarantee you... this time here is not as large as it actually was in reality, but I decided to use my average from last time, so we have a bit of a result kind of comparison here. So 15 hours, definitely a long time to be playing the mechanic, but honestly, I had quite a lot of fun doing it. So how much money did I make? Well, in raw non-exclusive rewards, I made 1,061 C here. So we got two divines, five annulments, and six exalts. Now, if we include the rewards that I actually lost from being washed up, being a bit of a fail whale here, I would have got an additional two divines and 10 instilling orbs, as well as three honored tattoos. Now, if we include that, the total actually comes out to be 1,400 C here of non-exclusive rewards, which definitely is not a lot for 15 hours here. Absolutely not. But we did get some raw divines, which is pretty damn interesting, and it's a pretty even split here of the T1 currencies. So how much is that? That's four, that's nine, that's 15 T1 currencies that I got in 59. and tournaments here, taking the rewards every single time I could. Now, a bit of an interesting note here for the tier one currencies. So I noticed that tier one currencies only spawned after round six. I didn't get any of them before that point, at least for me. And round six is basically when all the good rewards start spawning. We're talking good tattoos, we're talking tier one currencies, we're talking forbidden tomes I got, I got wing scarabs, you know, the good stuff. The stuff which you would expect to find on the fourth floor of Sanctum, for example. That's kind of what we're looking at here for the rewards on round six. So you can kind of take that as a bit of a mental note for you guys. And it is actually possible to extend a tournament past round six into round seven, eight, and even nine. And I will go into that a little bit at the end of the video, but I was not min-maxing to that degree in this test here. I was just trying to push my rank higher. So it's entirely possible to push this mechanic even further than I have in this video and get way, way more currency than I did. We're still learning, we're still trying to understand here, but let's quickly continue with the results here. So pretty damn good here, not too bad there. Some decent currency, you know, overall I was prioritizing, you know, trying to get the tier one currencies. I tried to get some good currency here and there when I could, but I'll get to a little bit about why it's a little bit more challenging to get the good currencies other than the tier ones in a second here, but overall that is what I got. You know, 1,400 C, not too bad here. So the majority of your money though from farming this mechanic after you get to 550 to 600 is absolutely going to be from your tattoos. Now I did get quite a lot of good tattoos in my total amount of 59 matches here. You can see that I got a big chunk of what I call big tattoos, and in total they were all worth 4,000 chaos here. Now, where did most of that come from? Well, it came from a very few subset of tattoos. They came from these four here on a tattoo of the wise, hunter, berserker, and the storm. It made up over half of the money. More than half almost that was three quarters of the money here Now what's interesting about this is that these are the tattoos which look a different color They're honored tattoos Which don't look like the other ones here and they are honored tattoos Which I have a hunch only drop at 550 plus and of course, they are the good ones, you know Plus one power charge. This one here is worth like 13 div 11 12 13 div or something like that This one here on slot, you know, it's like pretty three or four div or something like that Plus one hit plus one dex the good tattoos We did get four of them over our runs there and you know I imagine if we had done 59 of the matches after you get to the high ranking We would have got even more some people report to me that they get, you know Two three four of the power charge one in their runs, which is absolutely crazy You know, my luck wasn't that high but we did get some good stuff here now We do of course have some other rare tattoos that we were getting as well here like the makanga tattoos Those are also included in the good ones as well as the loyalty tattoos So in total that that was what made up most of the money here for the tattoos. Now we also have our other tattoos here which I decided to include as well. There's only a few of them here which are worth any money. So we have the Warmonger, Sniper, Warcrawler and Turtle. Now I believe this is reduced chance to be crit, Warcry, cooldown reduction, the explode and the projectile speed one. These are the only ones worth really good money. There's also the flask duration one but I didn't get any of that. The rest of them I put in bulk tattoos, basically every other tattoo which is not those ones and the big ones I put in bulk tattoos which are all at 3C here. So I got 118 bulk tattoos at 3C each there. We did also get a couple of Omens, Omen of the Jeweler and Omen of Blanching which is 583C there total for those non-juicy tattoos and Omens there. So in total if we include my failure runs here and how much I would have made, I would have made a total of 4,624C there from the tattoos. Combine that with our non-exclusive 1,400, it's 30. 36.7 divines. So how much does that work out to at our low estimate clear speed from the last video? Well, it works out to be roughly 2.4 divines per hour, which you might think isn't very good. You might think that's not that strong. Well, the next part of this video here is gonna be talking about everything I learned in terms of currency optimization from the last video, talking to the community, testing stuff, going over everything, every possibility, and trying to understand how to make more, how to make this thing good. Let's get into that. Okay, so there is a lot that I've learned since the last video, and there's a lot which I didn't even get to factor in to this test here. And I think if you did everything I'm about to say, you started at 600 ranking or even higher, and you did the matches in a very fast and efficient manner, I think you could make four or five divines per hour if you got average RNG and the prices of tattoos, the good ones, don't tank too much, or even maybe if they go up, it'll be even better. I definitely think that four divines per hour or five divines per hour is. possible but you will need a pretty good build here. So overall, what did I learn in terms of the efficiency here? Well, there is a lot of things. So first and foremost, there are certain members of clans that you absolutely do not want to kill. Now in the last video, I gave you one, but there is more than that and you absolutely need to pay attention to it. So I have added these to my spreadsheet for you guys here. There is a new sheet here. There is the kill and the survive tab here. So the kill tab is people who are fine to eliminate from the tournament. You can take them out, no problem, get them out of there. And the survive tab are people that you absolutely do not want to knock out because they have the best rewards. You want them to survive until later rounds. As I mentioned, all the good rewards, the exclusive uniques, the T1 currencies, the Makanga tattoos, everything starts happening at round six and higher. So you want these guys on the right to survive until round six and the guys on the left can die beforehand. So the people you want to survive are Kaom, Mata, Ahuana, Ikiawa and Rai. So all these guys have very good tattoos, Makanga tattoos, which you can get. You guys saw I got four or five of them, I can't remember, but four or five of them are pretty good. And they also have, two of them have good uniques. Now these uniques are worth three div each, so that's pretty damn nice. There, you can sell those off if you do decide to get them. Now the uniques are pretty rare. I only encountered two of them myself in my 59 matches here, I believe. Maybe there was an extra one, but I can't remember. But yeah, definitely pretty rare. But you want to be getting those rare tattoos and those rare uniques. It'll just give you another chance at getting good rewards here. So make sure you keep these guys alive until round six and higher, if possible, for those good tattoos and good uniques. It's gonna improve your earnings overall. Now, that's kind of what we're looking at there. The other thing is trying to extend the amount of rounds you are playing in, and if possible, keep the most amount of people alive for those rounds, if possible. So if you can get to round seven, eight, and nine, you are getting more chances at seeing those Mikonga tattoos. getting more chances at seeing Divines. And you can actually get stack sizes of Divines higher than one. Someone has sent me a clip of them getting five Divines from the final round in one reward, and that is pretty crazy. Overall, very nice there. So you could be getting more chances at getting that. Now, there is also another thing you can do in the later rounds to give you more rounds, but also give you more looks at what's going on. And that is to actually intentionally lose a match, and it'll basically count as a round, and it'll count as kind of overall progress and reset all the rewards on the board. So in theory, if you get to round six with some of these guys who want to survive with the good rewards, and they're there, they don't have anything you want, you can lose on purpose, die, come back in, and they'll have new rewards, and you'll be able to continue on your merry way. Assuming you haven't lost previously and you won't lose in the future, this is a good way to increase your rewards. Now, the thing is, it is quite time-consuming and annoying. and frustrating to do that currently. It can take quite some time to lose, and if you log out, you have to go back to town, and it can lag out with the big loading screens, and if you use a coin, come back in, then reload it, and it's kind of annoying. It's like three loading screens. So overall, I'm not a big fan of it right now, but in the next patch, they are adding a forfeit button, which allow you to do it instantly. So we're going to all be rerolling our rewards, and it's going to be phenomenal. So that's also going to be another tool in our belt, which I didn't use at all. So overall, that's going to be a big one. Now, with the knowledge that we have, that there is basically no good rewards up until six, apart from a few tattoos, like the Project Speed one, and the Warcry one, and et cetera, and like that, and Bubblegum Currency, which you can pick up if you so desire, you can completely focus on favor, and getting favor will allow you to create some very abusive unit compositions, which basically completely solo the enemy team, and they also do it a whole lot faster, and it allows you to play in such a way that you can get some of the earlier rounds done in 20 to 30 seconds, which really increases your clear speed, which is why I said what I did earlier. I'm almost certain I got this done in way faster time than 15 hours, thanks to the new strategies here. Now, I'm not gonna go over all that in this video because it's already getting pretty long, but overall, that is a point in everyone's favor. Now, the other thing which is also exceptional is they are buffing the amount of favor you get in the next patch as well, which should be dropping in a matter of hours. So you're gonna be able to get even more exploitative and abusive with your compositions and improve your clear speed even more, ratcheting up that currency per hour here. So to give you guys a bit of a overview, keep certain guys alive. You use rerolls on round six plus. Make sure you abuse favor pre-round six. Get insane compositions. And try and get to rank 550 to 600 before you start going ham on wanting to get currency. Now, the remaining question I have is after you get to a high ranking, you know, above 600, 650, all sorts of stuff like that, does the reward scale more? understand that there is actually a cap of 2,000 ranking. Someone hit it, that is the cap, there is no going past it. And I'm not 100% sure, but one thing I can tell you is that the difficulty definitely continues to scale, even if the rewards may or may not. And it does get pretty damn hard. Overall, I haven't lost at all up to around 900, and then I took three Ls from 900 to 1,000. It definitely gets way harder. Everything one-shots me now. I'm basically completely relying on my units to do all the heavy lifting, so it definitely gets a lot harder. Going to 2,000 seems a little bit out of the question for a solo player with my current gear level. So we'll have to see and revisit that at a future date, and maybe we'll do another currency test at that point. But overall, how do I feel about the lead mechanic? Well, I did get the most expensive tattoo. I didn't get any of the good Mikanga ones, I didn't get any of the good Uniques, and I didn't get any of the good Omens, or the incredibly expensive Hinokoro's Luck. Was my Luck average? Was it good? Was it really bad? I have no idea. But overall, I felt like my time wasn't wasted. I had a lot of fun, and I feel like if I had done exclusively CX50+, with the new strats, and I had actually recorded the time that I took, I actually believe this might have been pretty reasonably competitive currency making, maybe not with the likes of Legion or Delirium orbs, but it definitely wasn't bad. Now, obviously if I didn't get this Tattoo of the Storms, I might have a different story for you. But I did get it, and that's how I feel, and I know a lot of other people have been getting more of these than me, so it definitely looks pretty interesting here. There's so many big hits, the tattoo prices continue to rise, and we're getting big buffs, and we haven't even discovered everything yet. I'm pretty optimistic about the lead mechanic now. After doing the higher ranks, it's definitely changed my perspective. Definitely give it a go if you're enjoying it. Hopefully you guys have enjoyed the video, and overall, try and push things a bit higher if you actually do wanna make money, because as per my last video, things aren't too great until you get to the higher ones. Until next time. Cheers. You