Yo, what is up guys, Grim here, and in today's video we've got a brand new huge patch for Trial of the Ancestors, which came out of nowhere, and it does exactly what we were hoping. It completely buffs the rewards of the League mechanic in a massive way. Completely invalidating my last two videos I might add, but that is completely fine. When they change the loot, and they buff it up, there's only one question that needs to be asked. How good is it? And of course, we need to answer that. So in this video, I'm going to be going through all the changes, and of course, a massive loot report as I smash this mechanic after the buff for 8 hours straight. And I've got all loot for you guys to take a look and see how good this mechanic actually is now. But first, what were the changes? Well, there was actually quite a lot of other changes before this hotfix actually came in, but the loot specific ones are as follows. actually scales a lot better at higher rankings, which is definitely very nice. You now also have a chance to get rewards that were exclusive to the final round in all the rounds, meaning you have a lot better chance at getting some random big hits, which is certainly very, very good. In addition to that, we've also got a higher chance for some of the more valuable rewards, a higher chance for kind of large kind of rewards to have higher stack sizes, so things Divine Orbs, Exalted Orbs, Scarabs, et cetera. And now, Divination cards that are offered can now come in varying stack sizes as well, which is huge. In addition to that, we now have a new bomb drop on the final round, which will give you three to five tattoos of that clan-specific type. And we also do have a myriad of other changes. Now, before we get into the loot stuff, I do wanna quickly briefly mention there has been quite a lot of other changes, as I mentioned. And one of the biggest changes is an improvement to the amount of favor that you get from each of the rounds. You get way more favor now, and it is a lot easier. easier to kind of stack up a lot of the units, which are very good, and it means that it's much easier to progress into higher ranks, which is phenomenal, and you're gonna have a lot easier time smashing through enemies. So I was definitely struggling around 1,000 before this patch, but now you can see I've grinded all the way up to 1,400 ranking, and I am very confident I should probably be able to make it all the way to 2,000 without pretty much any trouble at all, if I so desired. So that is what we're kind of looking at there, and you can see here, just right off the kick, we've got a ton of large stacks, I see a nine Regal Orbs. There's no way you would have been seeing that before. It was capped at like three to five tops. So overall, we do have an improvement to the quality of life and the ease of the mechanic, but also the loot. So let's talk about the loot. So as I mentioned, I smashed this thing all day today. I put myself to the test, and I wanted to see how hard we could push it and how much loot we could get. So overall, we. went from rank 1000 all the way to rank 1400. And here is the loot I got. So this is the juicy tab and this is the bubblegum tab here. So how much is what we're looking at actually worth? And how long did it take me to get this loot? Well, overall, it's time for a spreadsheet. So let's dive into the new spreadsheet here and take a look. So we've got 32 tournaments of loot here. That's how many tournaments I did to get this stuff. And that's going to be around roughly 220 rounds. Now, unlike last time and my last video, I actually timed myself to the second. So it actually took exactly 8.13 hours to do these 32 tournaments. Now keep in mind, I was doing a much higher rank than last time. So it definitely was pretty challenging and I did die quite a lot. So that's why it took me a little bit longer than you might expect. Overall, we did get a good amount of loot, so the question is, how worth it is it to do Trial of the Ancestors, assuming you did everything I did? Well, first, we need to take a little look at the market, because things have changed dramatically since just our video the other day. It seems that a lot of the tattoo prices, omens as well as uniques, have vastly undergone price shifts, and the main culprit are some of the biggest earners. You can see here the Plus One Power Charge tattoo, which just yesterday was listed at 12 Divines, is now a paltry four Divines. Similarly, stuff like the Berserker tattoo, which was like three Divines, is now only 190C. So overall, we've seen a massive drop-off here in some of the prices of the more expensive tattoos. The cheaper ones are still holding steady, but it seems the tattoos are on a downward trend. Now, I'm not entirely sure why that is. Omens also seem to be following suit here with a lot of the good omens going down in price here. Now, there is also one final thing, and that is the uniques, which definitely aren't holding up too well either. So overall, it is definitely gonna be a little bit tough. So we can see here, Mata's Teaching, which was the other sword, which you can drop, is now down to 285C, used to be three div, and Rakiata's Dance is down to 190. Those were the big uniques, which have now fallen from grace, and they are coming down in price. Now, why is this? Well, my guess is that there's pretty much no one out there right now using these tattoos in their build guides. There's no one out there pushing them, and as soon as we do see some build guides which need them and have these as a requirement, we may see some increases to prices. However, right now, I think we're starting to approach the reality of how these are actually going to be priced, and it's actually lower than higher than I was personally expecting. Now, there could be a few more reasons for this, but let's get into whether or not it. worth it to farm this mechanic with the lower prices here. All right, eight hours of Trial of the Ancestors, 1,000 to 1,400 Elo. Let's get into it. So let's start out with our non-exclusive rewards first here. So we got nine Divines, two Annulments, and 17 Exalted Orbs here. So that's way more T1 currencies than last time. Now the reason for this is that, first of all, they're way more common now in the new patch. Now that might be because of my ranking and how the rewards scale, or it may just because they're really just that much more common. Now, multiple times, I'd say probably about three, four, maybe even five times I got stack sizes of three to five T1 currencies. And one of those times, fortunately for me, was five Divines. Now I got the Exalted Orbs, full stacks, you know, kind of more often. I think I got that three or four times, you know, getting three to four or five Divines sometimes, I'm sorry, Exalts there. But I only got Annulment Orbs in Singulars. And also sometimes I was offered. two tier one currencies and because annulments are the cheapest, of course, I would pick the other tier one currency. So that's kind of why we have the discrepancy here between the currencies here. So I always favored divines, over exalts, over annulment orbs, but unfortunately I did get a lot of exalts, if only those were divines. Oh well. Now we did get one sacred orb as well, which is actually rarer than all three of these currencies, which is pretty interesting as well. Now the other interesting thing here is that we do have a whole lot more bubblegum currency. There is a ton more here, man. There's really a lot of good stuff here. So it really is a lot more frequent that you're gonna get stuff like awaken sextants, chaos orbs, and the stack sizes are truly way, way higher. We're talking stack sizes of eight to 15 chaos orbs and sextants, and you're gonna be getting stack sizes of like 20 of all of the lower tier currencies like alx fusings and stuff like that. So definitely very nice. We did also get two forbidden terms, and we did get a few nice divination cards here, like a Zeron's reward, monochrome, and we did. get an empower as well, which overall, I'm pretty happy with. So what does that come out to be? Well, it comes out to be roughly 3,200 chaos here. All right, so League Mechanic exclusive rewards are up next. How much did we earn from them after the massive price collapse of the best tattoos? Well, let's start out with honor tattoos first here. So you can see that we got a lot fewer honor tattoos here because I ended up taking omens as well as some uniques. And in addition to that, we also have a very different ratio here. So in terms of honor tattoos, we have a good amount of the bad ones here, but we have a lot larger amount of the good ones in comparison here. So I'm not sure if this is the scaling at work or if it's the buff or if it's the ranking or if it's RNG, but we did get a lot more of the good tattoos this time around at higher ranking after the buff than last time in comparison to the amount of runs we did here. Now we got a plus one power, plus one dex, plus one frenzy and melee hits fortified tattoo. Now it's my opinion that these super rare tattoos in quotes here are actually not weighted. So I think you have around about the same chance to get a plus one dex as you do a plus one power if you are at the correct ranking, at least that's how it feels right now with a sample size of I think I'm about up to eight now. Maybe I got lucky, but that's kind of how I'm feeling. And I've gotten most of the different good tattoos now in here. So that's definitely nice if you're an SSF player and it ends up being true. Now we did also get two of the Warrior's Tale unique here, which is about 160 to 180C. We got two Loyalty tattoos and one Makanga tattoo here. So Makanga tattoos, kind of rare, man. Didn't really get any of those. Didn't get a whole lot of them last time either. Very interesting there. Now we did only get one special unique as well. Those are pretty rare too, at least from my testing. So I've only gotten quite a few of them, a very small amount of them. In our last test, I think we got two or three. And in this one we got one and I didn't get offered any more either. Now in terms of decent tattoos, which. you get throughout the rounds here. I did prioritize going for these a lot less because these tattoos are actually on some of the people that you want to keep alive until the very end in hopes of getting good Mekonga tattoos. So we didn't get a whole lot of these. The projectile speed one, for example, only picked up one of them because I wanted to keep this person alive. One of the Warcry cooldown and two of the Explody one here. Now we did get five different Omens which I deemed worth grabbing. We got a Connections one, which is pretty nice. Didn't get that last time, but got it this time here. Two Jewelers ones and two Blanching ones here. We did get a couple of bad Uniques here, but overall that was kind of what we're looking at for tattoos. Now you'll notice I have a lot less of the bulk tattoos. I think I had tons of them last time. And that's because there's just a lot better rewards on offer now. Why would I go for a 3C tattoo when I could go for 10C of Raw Chaos or 20 or more C of Awakened Sextants? So that's why I picked up a lot less tattoos. And the ones that you do see here, which aren't the good ones, much just a consequence of me picking that person to get the favour rewards and they just ended up having a tattoo on them. I'll show you guys how I run a run in my next video which is coming up right after this where I give you guys my strat. So overall that's the breakdown of the League exclusive loot. How much did it end up being worth? Well let's take a look. So the big tattoos which is Honoured, Loyalty and Makanga ended up being worth 2000 chaos roughly even after the massive price drop which is definitely respectable but you know nothing like we had before in terms of projections. Now we do also have other things here like the Uniques, the Omens and the bulk tattoos and the worst tattoos which works out to be about 1000 chaos. So how much does that all add up to? Well if we take the rare tattoos, the other Tota exclusive loot and the generic loot it ends up being 32.9 divines. Now that's ending up being 4 divines per hour which is definitely not too bad. Pretty much bang on the money if the tattoos didn't completely fall apart in terms of pricing and we did still have some of those big hits on. on the honor tattoos, it would have been a whole lot higher. We would have been up, you know, what, 60 per hour, maybe more than that if we got lucky. But overall, it is what it is. Prices adjust, and we'll see if they continue to change. Maybe they go up, maybe they go down, but this was my test. Four Divines per hour is definitely nothing to sneeze at, but definitely nothing too crazy either. I would definitely rank Sanctum, Legion, and Delirium above this right now, but we still do have a little bit to go. We could go all the way up to 2,000. I didn't reset my runs by dying on the last round. So there is definitely things that you can do to get way, way more currency. However, the forfeit button isn't in yet, so that's why I wasn't doing that, but you can abuse that very heavily upcoming in a future patch here. But there is also a few other things to consider. And the main one I wanna share with you guys is the fact that you can get absurdly lucky in Trial of the Ancestors, and I did get absurdly lucky. I got a drop on Ram- of all rounds, which really was a game changer. And I decided not to include this drop in the results for obvious reasons. And that drop was a pair of Fiend cards. So of course, that's a whole lot of currency. And if I included that in the results, we'd be way, way up. We'd be making so much more, but overall, how lucky is lucky? Well, a lot of people have been sending me some pretty absurd stuff on Discord after the patch. People have reported getting major bloods, headhunter squires, obscene divination cards in stacks, and all sorts of other stuff like that. So where there's smoke, there's fire. And overall, I would say we've got a bit of a ritual situation going on here. Now, most mechanics, you earn a flat rate and you don't really have a chance to get absurdly lucky. Yes, you could get a unique one-off. Yes, you could get a few divine orbs here or there, but farming something like expedition, you're not gonna get insanely lucky. Farming something like legion, you have a higher chance to, but you're not gonna get insanely. lucky and drop like an apothecary where you could but not very likely but then there's mechanics like ritual ritual you will eventually get lucky you will eventually get something ridiculous because there's a higher chance in those windows that there's gonna be something good and it feels like trial the ancestors is like that however there's a difference between this mechanic and ritual and that is that you get a pretty damn good baseline amount of loot in trial of the ancestors you get your stacks of divines exalts and nulls you get your good and decent on and tattoos some of which are worth a few divides you get omens some of which are worth a few divides some uniques which are pretty decent and of course you do have stuff like the lower grade tattoos the scarabs the bubblegum currency etc etc but stack that on top of a chance to get super duper lucky and I think we might be on to something here so it's not just a fiend there is also the other divination cards uniques but there is also of course mirror of Calandra which I imagine has a higher chance to drop from this mechanic than others but there is also another Mirror of Calandra pseudo kind of item here, and that is Hinokora's Lock. Now there's only 18 of these available here. There's less of these than mirrors, but it is worth 20 divines. I haven't gotten one yet. I don't know of anyone else who has either. They do exist, but overall, you could get a Hinokora's Lock as well, and that's another big hit. So basically, the mechanic is incredibly swingy. It always has been, but it's probably a little bit less so now with the buffed rewards. So the question is, is Trial of the Ancestors worth farming? Well, I've got two questions for you. Do you enjoy the mechanic? If so, and you love it, absolutely, go ahead. There's pretty decent currency in there. You could get lucky, you could not get lucky. Overall, it's not gonna be as good as some other super competitive farming strats like Legion, Delirium, Magic Find, Expedition, et cetera, but it's definitely not bad. And number two, do you like to gamble, specifically with your time? There's not really much of an expense to doing Trial of the Ancestors. Ancestors and there's not a whole lot of buy-in cost. But the thing that you have to value is your time. But if you do get lucky, the chances are that you will be able to make very good currency off Trial of the Ancestors. The baseline is there, and the carrot is there. So overall, I'm pretty happy with the state of rewards in Trial of the Ancestors, and I definitely don't feel like I'm wasting my time at all. And the number one question I have now is, what does rank 2000 look like? Well, that's going to be juice for a future video. Make sure to tune into my strategy video right after this one, which shows exactly how I got to rank 1400, and I easily blitzed the mechanic. And I'm pretty confident I get to 2k with it as well. So definitely check that out. But until next time, hope you guys enjoyed. Cheers.