Yo, what is up guys, Dream here, and in today's video, we're going to be taking a look at the league styles that everyone ended up playing, and which ones ended up being strongest, and I think the results might surprise you. So it's about halfway through day 3 right now, so it's definitely going to be a pretty good representation of how things went. So without further ado, let's get into it. To kick things off, we're going to do a bit of an overview of the most played skills, and then we'll do a bit of investigative work to see how people are actually playing them, and discuss them a little bit more. So overall, surprisingly, in endgame right now, the most played league starter is actually Lightning Arrow. Despite what a lot of people thought, with the nerf of Vengeance Cascade, Lightning Arrow Artillery Ballista is the most popular league start. Sitting here at 12% overall played, that is a staggering amount, and people are already starting to swap off Lightning Arrow to their other endgame builds. So it likely was even higher than that in terms of... of overall League starters. So it definitely did seem to be popular and a lot of the players who are playing it are actually exceptionally high level as well, meaning that it can also stand up in end game and be pretty strong. So overall, Lightning Arrow, surprising and very strong. And it looks like a lot of people are using the returning projectile support as well in their Lightning Arrow build in place of Vengeance Cascade. So overall, pretty damn interesting. Now the other big standout build here is Hexblast Mines. So Hexblast Mines have been floating around for a few leagues now, but this was the league where they really looked like they were gonna take off. And absolutely a lot of people are playing them and you can see here by the levels, a lot of people are having some success with it. Now overall, not as high as Lightning Arrow in terms of the overall levels, but you know, it's not a speed mapping build by any stretch of the imagination and is more tailored towards bossing and sanctum running and stuff like that. So that's definitely likely the culprit there. The next one most played is Bone Zone, the premier melee strike. build, so that's no surprise there. It's tried, it's true, and you can see all these guys are definitely having a very good time with Bone Zone. So Bone Zone was definitely a very nice one there as well. So next up we have Righteous Fire and Spark. So Righteous Fire, of course, is a staple. Not the fastest, but definitely one of the tankiest, and a lot of people are very comfortable on it. It's got a great guide out there from Pox, and we can see a lot of people are having a lot of success with it as well overall. Spark, though, is a little bit more surprising. So the overall vibe on Spark is that it has been one of the best league starters for the longest time, but just not as many people play it. But you can see here by the levels, my goodness, this thing is an absolute beast. Everyone is absolutely massively high level. This thing must be either very tanky or very fast, one or the other. I haven't played it myself, but the results speak for themselves. This is a beastly league starter, and overall it's also got a bit of interesting item tech that we'll get into, which I wasn't expecting when I was perusing the league start list here. So definitely a very interesting one there. Spark, definitely wanted to keep your eye on them. We've got Explosive Arrow again, the tried, the true. Overall, a very good build. Lots of people are rocking this, and it's also very good for Trial of the Ancestors as well. So definitely not surprised to see Explosive Arrow there. It's definitely a very nice one there. Summon Raging Spirits is also present here. The Poison variant, as well as the Minion Instability version, but the Poison variant is definitely the one which most people are seeing the most play with here. Overall, definitely a pretty good one. Not too bad there, but you can see here on the overall levels, a little bit lower than some of the other builds so definitely a little bit slower on the clear speed or a little bit more squishy in terms of survivability. Now, this is one that was particularly surprising for me, and that is Exsanguinate. So it comes in two different packages. There is the self-cast Exsanguinate build, which is generally played on Pathfinder, but then there is also the Exsanguinate Trapper played with Seismic Trap. So there is two different variants of Exsanguinate. It actually does seem that a lot of people are going ahead and using the actual self-cast one, and they're having a lot of success with it, so that was definitely a big surprise for me. Overall, we'll be going into that and taking a bit of a closer look at that as well there. So that is where we're going. We do also have stuff like Toxic Rain here, which is seeing a lot of play as well. This is the next most popular build. Toxic Rain, tried, true, very good, good at heist, good at mapping, overall not too bad there. It does have quite a very strict stealing, but overall not too bad there as well. And then finally, we do have Vortex here, which is Cold Knot. It's one of the best you can see here by the levels. People are having good success with it. Overall, very strong build as well. It's been around for ages. Cold Knot is strong. And the final two builds we want to take a look at here is going to be Fire Trap, which is definitely seeing a bit of play here. Not really the overall most popular build, especially because a lot of the RF guys are also using Fire Trap in their single target setup. So definitely a little bit of an underplay leaks out of there compared to the hype, which I've seen around it. And then finally, here we have the tried, the true, the Corrupting Fever, which is very, very underplayed now compared to something like Lightning Arrow. that Corrupting Fever is starting to fall off a little bit in play rate is because of the strength of bows. They kind of do fulfill a very similar role. Corrupting Fever and Lightning Arrow both want to be mapping builds. And I think that Lightning Arrow kind of just does it better. Myself, as a player of both of these builds, that's kind of the way I feel. So while Corrupting Fever is definitely very good, I think Lightning Arrow just outshines it a little bit here. It's also on a better ascendancy if you want to transition into an end game blaster. So overall, that's our overview of the builds. That was in order of play rate right now on Peewee Ninja, levels 82 to 100. Let's dive a little bit more into the details and nitty gritty and see how people are actually playing these league starters then. All right, so first up, the superstar of the league, the one many people are playing, and the one I league started myself, actually is Lightning Arrow here, even after the nerf. And the variant which a lot of people are seeing a lot of success with is the Berserk version. I think both of the guides which got published for this build here from Crouching Tuna and Hobie Black Mamba are both using the Berserk variant. So that does make. make a whole lot of sense. But overall, this build packs insane clear speed, insane damage, and is actually fully capable of having enough single target to deal everything in the game. So the main thing to take away here is, try early bow, you're going to be going crit, and you're going to be getting a ton of flat damage from your chest piece high res Aya here. And of course, you're going to be running the berserk combo of calm spirit, as well as vol's vision. Definitely probably the fastest league spartan in terms of farming and what you could have picked, and definitely a big currency powerhouse here, which is going to just continue to scale and scale and scale. So overall, very, very good build. And it's also phenomenal at the league mechanic, I can attest to that. Totems are your best friend, because you can put all the totems down and then kill all the enemies' totems while you are actually already attacking them with the artillery ballistas you have put down. So overall, phenomenal build. And if you're looking for a bit of a strategic re-roll, I think this is definitely one of the top picks I would recommend, personally. So next up is the other powerhouse of the league, the other hyped-up build, Hexblast Mines. Now, the version which I've seen to be the most effective and having the most success is the Korean Kalm's Heart Wrathpith Globe version here. Overall, this build packs an absolute punch in terms of single target here, and it really is going to specialise in mechanics like Sanctum, as well as bossing. Those are the two things which I would personally recommend and farm on this build. Maybe even some Guardian Invitation rotations, but probably Sanctum is the thing I personally would run. Overall, a phenomenal build. It's definitely got some pretty good beef, and a lot of players are hitting some really high levels already with it, thanks to that beef. So very, very good overall. Definitely does use quite a few unique jewels here, which can be a little bit difficult to get your hands on if you want to go for the exact version a lot of these really high guys are going. But overall, Hexboss Mines, definitely a standout pick, and one of the strongest ones if you're looking for more of that bossing slash kind of Sanctum playstyle. Although, the mapping does look a little bit on the slower side if you're looking for something that goes real fast, then it might be a better pick. a middle ground with another build that we're talking about on this list, but definitely a phenomenal build nonetheless. So the next most popular builds were EA and Poison SRS, which you guys already know how those work generally, and overall they haven't changed too much. Now, the next one on the list was Exsanguinate and all its variants. So we're pretty used to the normal Exsanguinate Seismic Trapper, which was a portion of the Exsanguinate players, about 50%-ish, but there was another build in there which I hadn't seen before, and I didn't see on any of the top 10 lists, or really even hear about in my sphere here, so I thought you guys might be interested in looking at it a little bit. So it is a Poison Exsanguinate build on Pathfinder using Dendrobate, and pretty much all the players who I saw were a lot higher rated than the Trappers, which I found pretty interesting. It could be a lot of reasons, maybe this build is a bit faster, maybe it's a bit tankier, or maybe the players who are playing it were just a little bit more skillful, or maybe they played a little bit longer, but overall, generally, players who are a higher level on these builds, it is a little bit of an indication of the caliber of the build. the build. So maybe the Exsanguinate self-cast variant here is actually pretty damn good. Now most of these players were using one to two Cold Iron points, you know, depending on the player. You know, shields, probably a bit more shield charge action, a bit more defense. But overall, this is another build that I personally didn't expect, and overall I will be investigating in future leagues for myself. Definitely looks pretty damn interesting. So to round things out, the last league starters we had in our order were Toxic Rain, Cold Dot, Fire Trap, and Corrupting Fever. Now the starting three I mentioned generally have pretty similar builds to always. They didn't seem to have anything new in terms of tech. People were playing the tried the true, the old pair of shoes there, and they definitely seem to be working out pretty well for those players. Now Corrupting Fever did have something on it that caught my eye, and that is a lot of players starting to use this body armor here on their Corrupting Fever build. It gives you life regen, which is nice on a build that uses life as their resource, and also gives you Chaos Res, as well as making it so your armor applies to Chaos Damage as well. basically fully mitigates all of your chaos issues, because now you can mitigate it in multiple ways, as well as having some chaos res here as well. So this is definitely a very interesting body armor. Not only did I see it on Corrupting Fever though, I also saw it on Bone Shatter, which also can fully take advantage of that nice little bit of life regen there to make sure that you don't die from using the trauma stack. So this is a body armor which I definitely see gathering quite a lot of steam, especially on league starters, and a lot of people do seem to be using it here. Now I hadn't seen it much in the past. I didn't play too much of last league, so maybe it got introduced then, but I definitely found it noteworthy for me. There was also some people using the Cold Iron Point Corrupting Fever variant, but it definitely does seem like the Poet's Pen is the predominant choice. Now, Corrupting Fever definitely has fallen off a little bit in terms of play rate, and I would blame the rise of Lightning Arrow for that. A lot of players who were playing Corrupting Fever in the past as the best, quote unquote, mapper, have now moved over to Lightning Arrow, because it is generally thought to be a little bit better. So overall, that is my analysis here and my little bit of a presentation of the overall league. start meta and how it shook out. Looks like we've got a ton of different builds. Things are pretty diverse. There's a few newcomers here and there, but nothing too crazy. But it definitely does seem like a lot of what people predicted didn't actually come to pass. And we did get a few crazy things happening. If you guys are looking for a reroll, definitely check out some of the things on this list here. You can have it appear of a ninja yourself to peruse and see if you can find anything good. Hopefully you guys enjoyed the video though. And until next time, cheers.