Hey guys it's Matthew once again with a pretty quick video to show you and take you through what I've done for my Aetheria Knives Trickster which focuses quite largely on Blade Blast at this point for single target as well. Just want to show you what I've done to it for endgame upgrades and taking it through to tier 16s and even beyond with a few extra boss kills and high-end I suppose we could call it high-end league mechanic I'm at like 260 270 at the point where you just get one shot by just about everything. In any case since the last video basically just tried to fix my mana tried to upgrade a lot of my gear and I'll go over that just after the clips but the biggest problem for the build was initially mana in endgame so I had to use a mana flask for a while and then I didn't really want to strictly rely on the mana flasks so I started to run clarity on arrogance which is going to put clarity on my life and then get a few pieces of mana regen throughout either the passive tree or the gear itself and that seemed to help a lot and then I could basically sustain my mana just off of actual casting and that felt a lot nicer than having to care about a mana flask and it meant I didn't have to be eldritch battery. On top of that we're then still doing quite a bit of aetherian reniving but that's mostly for clear for actual single target blade blast really does come in quite hard. Provided I didn't have return proj or blade blast I really wouldn't really care about an ek build like this because I don't think ek by itself would be good enough on a lower type budget. Once you start getting blade blast and return proj going it does do quite a lot. of the heavy lifting for a single target. I think a AOE Nova Enchant or a Nimes would still go a long way because as you can see even throughout this type of gameplay the blade blasts a lot of the time are just missing because the blades don't stack up that well and they also sometimes just don't stack up thanks to various elevation issues and just layout issues of maps and bosses and stuff so it can be a bit weird but it is good enough and the character probably has a few million dps on not a very large budget so it's gone well enough for a starter build some of the other issues might just be evasion based fighting because you do have to scale your evasion which i think i've got to like 40k or so with some good energy shield as well and ghost dance it can be pretty defensive i very rarely die in maps and can only kind of routinely die to these things here the Trial of the Ancestors but this is an example of once I've geared myself up to the endgame I can actually kill these guys pretty quick whereas prior to making these changes like one day before I was really struggling at 250 to kill anything on Trial of the Ancestors and as well as that started using the Maven summon additional bosses node and it can get pretty hectic I didn't realize it would do it for Shaper Guardian and it spawned a few really bad bosses for me ones that have ground fire Degen, Gravisius guy constant sparks going off so the build can be a bit tough against damage over time but other than that we do have pretty strong defensive layers for hit stuff with lots of evasion and ghost shrouds and some instant leech as well so it should be a take on endgame I'm not too sure how far I'll go still. I'm pretty keen on a re-roll to maybe Arc Totems or something like that. But I think this build can go fairly far and let me just show you real quick what changes I've made since the last video to take us into endgame. So real quick to go over the character. Level 92 on the way to 93. I've just been like progressing my atlas as much as possible. You know, trying to finish all maps and tick every map I can. Almost done and it's gone pretty well for a starter character. So currently the links I am using are, prior to using Inspiration I was using Crit Strikes, but Aetherial Knives, level 21. I leveled six of them in the offhand, got one to corrupt to level 21. Returning Prodge, Spell Echo, Crit Damage, Wakened Cold Pen. Once you get that to level five, that gives you exposure. So that takes care of your exposure. But for now I'm using Frost Bomb. And then Inspiration, but I was using Crit Strikes up until very recently because fixing Crit does take a bit of work. I basically tried to get crit everywhere I could and then that more or less fixed it but up until that point I was using crit strikes. I just then crafted a new hat which took I'm going to say 30 or 40 horror essences so it was like a three divine hat or some shit in the end. I think I got pretty unlucky but what you're doing is just fishing for increased area or hypothermia. I'm not even sure the increased area is super worth but currently it's at least a five link maybe a six link and we've got blade blast, cold pen, crit strikes, crit damage. Once again it might be able to get rid of crit strikes but it does give it some more consistency at the moment. We then have I was using an immortal flesh for most of this character for the life regen and also a bit of the mana regen so you have to fix resists a lot with that immortal flesh but it helped a lot for mid to end game mana and life regen. Now that I've got some life leech which I'll show you in a sec I don't really do the immortal flesh anymore and just went with a bunch of chaos res instead. A weapon with cast speed and plus fizz and some crit. This thing cost like 30-40c or something. This thing was like 60c, I think it was a pretty good deal, but you're looking for plus fizz skills just about everywhere you can get it and then some crit as well. And then I picked up this new amulet so these can drop everywhere and they can drop with any spell plus level possible. So a bladeblast one was pretty cheap, I don't even remember what I paid, like 30c or something. So unfortunately that doesn't work for our EK, it's only working for our bladeblast. And ideally a real amulet is going to be more like physical as extra cold, which comes from shaper or redeemer, some crit multis, some plus 1 to gems, some cast speed. But since this was pretty cheap and helped out with resist and reservation, I yoinked it. But at this point I don't really need the reservation, I don't really need the resist. not the best choice, but it's an okay choice for most builds, this type of amulet. I went full conversion with Grimmsorrow and also picked up some suppress and stuff on boots, a bunch of resist and cast speed on rings. So all of that went from my gear being worth maybe like one divine total, to my gear being worth like seven or eight divines total, if you include the six linking and the crafting. Also picked up a chest that had a fractured hybrid and then I just rolled it with dense fossils. I got bad suffixes, but good evasion and energy shield. So that leaves me with a 2k energy shield with a lot of evasion, especially when I'm mapping that gets ghost shrouds going. So we are pretty damn tough to kill from just hit based attacks. And then some damage over time might be a bit annoying for the build. I also ended up respec-ing out of this once. I could justify getting the extra frenzies from this node over here. So once I curse something with a mark, I then can sustain frenzies well enough and then with the chest gain a frenzy every 15 seconds, that's just gonna be up basically always unless you're doing a map where they steal charges. So this node is very comfortable for not getting slowed down, but for more damage in end game end up going into swift killer. Very recently, I only respect this like in the last hour of yesterday's stream, something like that. And then otherwise, that is what the passive tree now looks like. I took a few tattoos just for some lining res because I needed that prior to making this belt swap, one mana region tattoo and I can probably take a few suppress nodes or stun immune nodes as well. Since I've got an overkill of dexterity, so that's. probably what I would do with tattoos if I gave a shit and maybe I'll do that, we'll see. But I also picked up a Watcher's Eye for One Divine and that has a bit of Codepen for Hatred and then the Leech for Vitality. I'd say the priority if you want that extra sustain is Vitality Leech, they're not very expensive, but if you want two mods, then it's gonna cost a bit more. So with this Leech, that means that my life is more or less taken care of a lot of the time. And then with the Instant Leech, that helps out, where is it, there, that helps out a bit as well. So that's the character, it's gone through tier, you know, red tier maps pretty comfortably, I'd say, for what it is and single target is entirely up to the Blade Blast, which can be a bit weird with the return proj right now, but I'm hoping it becomes better if you actually use a EK Helm Enchant, which I just haven't got my hands on to be able to try because getting it on a shaped hat is kind of tough, but you can see the mana is pretty sustained because of the work. I put into the manor and yeah that's pretty much all there is to it. It's an okay build, it was a decent starter, it does have a high ceiling if you go lots of min-max and you can take a look at the Inquisitor that was built at the last league for all of the min-max for this type of build. Void Sphere as well I forgot to mention, that just helps suck some monsters together. And yeah that's it, hope you guys are enjoying the league and your starters, if you picked this one hopefully this helps. Thank you very much for watching, see you guys next time!