Hey guys it's Mathal here once again and for the last little resurgence of PoE and last build of the league that I decided to do I came back just to farm a few challenges. I went with a saboteur, cast on crit, trigger bot, ice nova, frost bolt, mess. And mess because well you can see it's a mess. Basically just a pretty standard frost bolt ice nova interaction. Get a bunch of frost bolts, cast ice novas on them using the cast on crit. It's with a bow setup though. I did pick up the illusionist ice nova MTX, hadn't seen it before, thought oh shit let's try that out and holy shit I don't think I've seen anything obscure enemy targets and the screen quite like this thing before. So yeah seizure warnings but it might be a bit late for that. I'm not even sure what this is gonna look like with the bitrate and the compressions and shit but it's a glorious mess when playing it in first person and you just can't really understand what the fuck's happening you just have a lot of ice novas going got a lot of frost bolts happening we do have some return projectiles on the frost bolts as well so those are flying around all over the place but the illusionist ice Nova just seems to be I don't know maybe a bit too much maybe who knows I think it still looks amazing and it's even kind of making me think maybe some ice Nova starter for the new league since ice Nova is so good so yeah the build is basically just using the trigger bots from saboteur when you use trigger bots they take over the triggers of your build which means that you have two trigger bots they each take over like a trigger and you basically double your triggers so you get two cast on crits for the price of one but a lesser damage of those cast on crits seems to be okay here's an example of the build with zero micro transactions on the ice Nova on the Frostbolt and on the Herald of Ice still all kinds of stuff happening and still gonna be obscuring your vision on certain situations and boss fights and stuff but not nearly as bad either way it's been an okay build not sure I'd really recommend copying it I mean you probably could and still have a lot of fun I got to level 90 really quick and easy and haven't been dying much it's just I don't know maybe there's better setups this is a pretty generic bow cast on crit setup meaning you aren't too heavily specced towards anything and you could try out lots of different spells and maybe pull off some nicer spell combos entirely gonna be up to whoever wants to a cast on crit character like this. Just a quick example of the build with like an accelerate shrine but yeah it mapped really well it was pretty fun to do it's not going to be the easiest to set up definitely more of a second character sort of thing instead of like something you can start a build off because as we all know by now hopefully building a cast on crit bow pretty reliable pretty doable but you do need a bit of starting capital for it and then just another quick or lastly one small example of what boss fight looks like this is an uber eater worlds i wasn't actually really planning on doing any ubers on this character it was just a character to like try and finish some challenges and have a bit of fun at the end of poe but it can do ubers it's just not going to be very good for it like i killed two uber eater worlds and it's a pretty tough fight on something like this it's not really built for good uber mobility defense or damage it's going to come down to like game gameplay. It's doable, is all I'm really saying. Either way, I'll go ahead and show you guys how I built this character up to this point, and last few little comments. So I'm just going to run down through it real quick, it's not supposed to be a super official guide or anything. Level 92, Saboteur, D4, Bad, Peewee, Good, and 4.2k life. You can build it in sort of a few different ways, with more life, less life, more energy shield, more evasion, things like that, but this is what I just landed on while trying to put this character together. A bunch of over-capped res, so the gear's not super min-maxed, or like I usually would want it to be, but we are based around a cast-on-crit bow. Once again, like I said, building these isn't too hard, it just takes some capital. Essentially you just need to grab a shaped bow and spam essences until you hit cast-on-crit, typically. If you've got a spare prefix, then you lock... not lock, you do cannot roll attack mods. and then slam and hopefully you'll hit something good as that prefix. Lock prefixes, do suffix reroll with veil, stuff like that. I've had bow guides in the past. And then crucible gives it some extra attack speed and also cooldown recovery rate. Neither of which are going to be strictly necessary, but kind of nice. And who knows? We'll see what happens with the next league anyway. What kind of power creep we get. So in the setup with built-in cast on crit, we have Ice Nova over here, Divergent Inspiration, because we're trying to get rid of more mana. Crit strikes, so that your Blast Rain or Rain of Errors is critting very reliably. Got Hyperthermia, Blast Rain, and Awakened Added Cold. In the hat, Asenath's Mark is the Frostbolt setup. So Frostbolt, GMP, Fast Approach, and Inspiration. So as you can see, every single time we attack, you will be shitting out Frostbolts. So then when you crit with those, you'll then do Ice Novas on top. of it. The reason that the projectiles return is anomalous faster projectiles. This thing gets nerfed next patch but we'll have actual return projectile gem which will mean that you can have a 100% reliable return proj on your frostbolt and that should be kind of nice for this type of stuff. Other than that, typical custom crit setup I guess. Use scorn essences for global crit multi on your quiver. We have a chest that I just made real quick which has attack and spell crit. So combine together elder and hunter attack and spell crit. Whatever last suffix, in this case a bit of chaos res, lock the suffixes, do a caster reroll on prefixes and you got yourself an additional curse guaranteed. Very basic chest but yeah once again a little bit of starting capital. I try the most difficult part of the build is basically to solve mana the way I solved it. So you can see that my Frostbolt is free. It's 14 life. You can see that my Ice Nova over here is 2 mana, 19 life. Basically, I've just gotten a, um, I bought off the market an Elrion minus 10 non-channeling ring and put 20 quality on it. Bought this one off the market as well. So minus 10, uh, so minus 12 on each of these and then crafted this thing here with a minus 8. That's basically how I've chosen to solve mana on this character. You could also get, um, non-channel cost on Clarity, Watcher's Eye, but realistically it's probably still better to just build an entire character like this around Eldritch Battery. Um, up here, similar to how I did maybe near the start of the league with the Saboteur. Um, but I did fix mana entirely with this one. Uh, and just also using a mana flask for that 2 mana cost to fly in. Other than that, nothing too special. Cold exposure. nerf, bit of attack speed and stuff, very basic perks, craft some cooldown recovery on it, boots that I woke slam together with cooldown recovery and tailwind, and then locked suffix and unveiled as usual. And yeah, that's it. So the character probably cost something like 20 to 30 divines, but it's just because I was mishmashing and like crafting meticulously, but you can get these things going for like 10-ish if you're on the lower end of min-max. And ultimately, it's kind of worth it. And it's just a Bokok character, nothing too special. Like I said, saboteur. So we have trigger bots. You get two of those. They take over your triggers, in this case, cast on crit and the assonance and they just deal less damage, but you've got twice as many procs. Grabbed explosive expert, born in the shadows. So, you know, the 4k life is better than it looks. And then like clockwork, cooldown recovery. recovery rate, so a bunch of evasion, blind, good recovery, spell suppress, cap, because this is off lucky hit, and also a watcher's eye that gives a bit of extra vitality, life gain on hit, that's where most of my sustain is coming from, crit multi on like jewels, and also a cluster that doesn't do anything too special but blanketed snow and sadist, so 10 pen against chilled, a bunch of early damage, once again some more crit multi, and that's the passive tree, and my cursors in this situation are assassin mark with mark on hit, and then I'm using an arcanist brand for frostbite and early weakness, it's pretty much only really used for bosses, it's clumsy as fuck, takes a while to actually cast the arcanist brand, also takes a while to have that go off, otherwise we have zealotry and lightened Grace and Herald of Ice over here, Flame Dash, Precision, Vitality, Convocation. We have Convocation just so that the trigger bots keep up because they sometimes don't go over ledges and stuff and then you'll have delayed procs on your attacks. So Convocation just keeps them kind of near you at most times. And that's all I'll do for the build real quick. That's it. Real quick little dirty build. Just flasks there as well. That's Cast on Crit, Ice Nova, Bow, Saboteur. Pretty fun build. Easily, if you want to copy it, I wouldn't say it's wrong. It's not really going to be good for Ubers or anything, but I don't think that matters too much anyway. And it might feel a bit squishy unless you make it less squishy if you really want to, but with all the freeze, with the evasion and shit, it... shouldn't be dying too much I don't know all right thank you very much for watching see you guys next time