Hey guys it's Mathal here once again with my second build for this league. Played Theron Ives as much as I needed to to set up my Atlas and to take it any further it would have cost a lot more or just taken a lot more time to grind out more bosses and all that shit so we moved on and I was definitely keen to play with at least one of the new supporter gems. The one that probably had my eye the most was Spellblade and that is the one that gives you essentially Battlemage in support format so it's no longer just Inquisitor or Templars that steal the Inquisitor node for Battlemage being able to use weapons for spell casting purposes. Weapons with elemental or physical damage on them or even chaos damage. Basically what it does is let you turn any of your attack based damage into spell damage so The idea here, and in this character, is to turn Energy Blade's damage into spell damage. Energy Blade is a buff that you turn on that cuts your energy in half and gives you your energy shield in half and gives you a weapon with lightning damage on it based off of the amount of energy shield you had. And it stacks with Battle Mage as well because I've made an Energy Blade with Battle Mage in the past and you can get very high amounts of Energy Blade, like up to, let's say, 4,000 lightning damage on your weapon. Turn that into Battle Mage and then you have 4,000 lightning damage going onto your spells. But now you can stack it with Spell Blade, meaning you get both Battle Mage and Spell Blade, meaning you are double dipping from your Energy Blade, but even more so because Spell Blade gives like 130%, though granted it does take up a support gem. pretty nutty and this is a build that's just trying to be arc totems with that setup I wanted to do arc specifically because the mechanic the league mechanic seems like it'd be pretty cool to chain off of mobs and do arc with and I haven't done a totem character in a while so I did put out that stormburst starter and it would have happily done that but for the league mechanic I thought hmm it's probably a bit nicer to do arc let's give that a shot and it's it's decent it's not bad like it's not crazy at this stage but it's pretty decent for league mechanic and arc totems in general have been pretty decent for everything I've come across thus far they are a bit underpowered compared to some other totem setups which is why you don't see too many arc totems around but I'm hoping to solve that problem with this energy blade spell blade battle mage setup and thus far it has done pretty well off of a fairly low lean budget, only a few divines have been invested into this build and I'm up to, I don't know, tier 10 maps or something pretty comfortably and clearing very nicely with the extra chains going all over the map sort of setup. It is still very early days for the character though, I do also think that other totem setups are probably going to be better by and large, so maybe some divine ire totems, still possibly stormburst totems and then on top of that, shockwave totem especially. That thing with astral projector is kind of just stupid because of how the targeting works and how ranged you become and how just efficient it is at doing everything. Either way, arc totems here seem to be working fine and the setup is an inquisitor, kind of similar to how I've built an energy blade character in the past, trying to stack some level of strength and int. Here is an example of the lead mechanic with the challenge where you have to do... a 200 plus rank by yourself. So you aren't allowed to have any minions or any totems or anything else down. And it's a bit of an interesting battle, but we did get through it. And yeah, totems are a pretty good setup for it. So either way, we are stacking Int and Strength for the Inquisitor portion here to get the extra crits, to get extra life and energy shield from the Int. And ultimately, it becomes kind of similar to previous Energy Blade characters, but I'm trying to keep it a bit cheaper. So it's using a Ghost Wrath instead of a Ivory Tower and nothing too crazy on the gearing side. And it's working out well, and I'm pretty happy with how it plays. And I think other people can do this if you want. The only issue is that, because of the way I've got to build here, we don't have good recovery and we don't have great defenses, just a bunch of extra energy shield and life as sort of a buffer. So you have to be able to place things in advance, run around a bit. make sure you're not taking damage. Now I'm not dying here too frequently and you probably wouldn't and shouldn't be if you play carefully enough but I'm not gonna lie to you and tell you you can run around face tanking because you absolutely will not be able to. But it's been fun so far so either way let me go ahead and show you how I've built the character so far. Here's the current character level 87 arc Tootle. Tootle's a turtle emote in twitch chat and turtles kind of the theme of the league mechanic just because they're so strong and kind of fun as well. Anyway level 87 Inquisitor so there are a few routes to kind of go with this character and they can involve just stealing instruments of virtue so you can have battle mage on top of spellblade. In this one I've just gone a very basic route so I haven't stolen any ascendancies from anything so if you went like a Hierophant the totem base and then stole this you'd probably have a better character. If you did this and then stole some Herophant you'd probably have a better character. I'm just keeping it basic because it's going to be expensive otherwise but the whole idea is you have energy blade so as you can see you get a weapon from the energy blade buff which is based off of your energy shield to begin with. It cuts your energy shield in half and then gives you a bunch of lightning damage from that. It is notoriously a difficult sort of thing to build around and justify because you are using a lot of your resources towards putting up your energy shield which is usually your defensive mechanic and then cutting in half and at the same time you have to focus on offense everywhere else. So it's hard to justify, it's hard to build around but there are good examples of it being very powerful and this is attempting to be kind of like that from those examples. So we have this type of lightning damage on our weapon, we then have spellblade and we also have have battle mage meaning all of that goes towards our arc so you can see my arc now has 1900 to 27,000 lightning damage if we just take this out for example I'm down to 14,000 lightning damage if I turn energy blade off altogether that turns off my battle mage I'm down to 700 to 4,000 lightning damage so you can see the power of the energy blade and the power of the battle mage and spell blade all coming together to give you a whole bunch of extra damage to anything you want so this type of a build could actually be not arc at all it could be as an Inquisitor anything you can use any spell in this situation whatever you feel is the strongest mechanically etc whatever you find most fun whatever it is so it becomes a pretty fun sort of build around mechanic and I love with this character with totems all the way basically rolling magma level 12, once I got to this node here, just started having two totems and then used arc the entire way. And I've been arc the entire way, but you could do like any sort of totem setup as soon as you want. It's gonna be worse than a Hierophant totem wise, because you don't get like placement speed and a third totem immediately, but I did get battle mage immediately. I then started energy blading immediately with the right little extra uniques while leveling. You can have a very powerful battle mage setup. And then yeah, the leveling's smooth and you can do any sort of setup while you do that leveling. But like I said, it is gonna have problems of being a totem character compared to Hierophant of not having the placement speed, not having the right recovery for mana and also regen and stuff. And in this situation, I am just keeping a large amount of energy shield over a decent life pool as well. So I can get hit plenty, but the recovery isn't really that good. So you have to avoid getting hit too many times and actually. place yourself well enough that you are avoiding damage and seeing damage coming your way so that you can get around it. So as I also mentioned, I'm building around Ghost Wrath here so it converts half of my life to Energy Shield and that's a very powerful tool for just some easygoing Energy Shield. As you can see, if I take it off, we have substantially less Energy Shield at the moment. That's without Energy Blade on. So that's 2,800 Energy Shield, 5,400 life. Turn that on, our life gets cut in half, our Energy Shield goes up to 9K. Turn on Energy Blade, gets cut in half, et cetera. You can see a bigger example of an Energy Blade character I did with Cast on Crit, Aya Winter, I think it was. Inquisitor a couple leagues ago. If you wanna look that one up, it's a much bigger example. I've got almost twice as much Energy Shield on this, but it's gonna be a heftier character to put together. So the whole premise of the character is basically stack Strength and Int on top of this. this, so you get percent energy shield from your int, you get life, and then on top of that, you're an inquisitor, so you get crit for all of that. That's essentially the whole premise, we get cast speed in various spots, we get int, strength, et cetera, some crit multi, crown of the inward eye with an additional arc is the only semi-expensive item I'm wearing, it cost me two divines, and it's a pretty powerful item for this sort of a setup, because it gives you a whole bunch of everything, armor, energy shield, life, mana, ES, and then all the various extra damages of the scalings, so the enchant, not super important, but still more damage, it's just the hat that's pretty damn nice, we then have an additional totem shield, which I've yet to really make anything out of, but additional totem, strength int, crafted a belt with attributes, and picked up the high templar gloves with some cast speed, some spell. Crit and these cost 100 C. They've also got plus one gems so if we want to put an Enlighten in there that'll be pretty good. But otherwise just a regular pair of gloves with Eldritch Implicits are pretty good too. With Unnerve would be good. A Shaper Glove and some Car Speed would be good. These are by no means build-defying or anything, you can get plenty of other stuff. And aside from that, yeah I've yet to even take any Jewel Sockets but I will and maybe I'll steal an Ascendancy, maybe I'll just get a good Watcher's Eye, maybe I'll just get some plain Jewels that have Car Speed and some Crit Multi and stuff. And everything in the video so far has been on a five link, so running Spelltotem, Multitotem, Spellblade which Divergent gives you 10% Lucky Hit and Arc and then Crit Damage. For most of the character though I was using Crit Strikes over here, it's just now that my Crit has gone a pretty good way I'm starting to use Crit Damage. So that's that there. Other than that, running Purity of Elements, Discipline, Vitality, Defiance Banner, Clarity, that stuff's on life. So Clarity, Arrogance, Vitality, Defiance Banner, so that can be low life. If you go low life in this sort of way, you wanna make sure your Chaos Res is pretty high and we're getting some life regen from Vitality as well. Yeah, pretty basic setup so far. I'd say fairly flexible. I still haven't like fixed the entire character for proper building and end game and all that. I've, for the most part, I've just been trying to do some League mechanic and fuck around a lot, but I see potential in this one. And one other thing, you can also get an Abyssal Jewel on your Energy Blade if you have a sword or whatever before you turn it into an Energy Blade, if it's holding an Abyssal Jewel from a craft. So we're gonna do that eventually as well. But yeah, pretty basic so far. I hope that. a much bigger video for endgame and stuff in a few days, hopefully if it goes well enough, but hope you guys like the video and the character. Thank you very much for watching, see you guys next time.