Hey guys, it's Matthew here once again and wanted to make a video for the new League mechanic, Trial of the Ancestors, what it's about, how to basically do it and also a bit of an update on the Aetherial Knives Trickster Starter that I started personally and how it's been going. But basically, yeah, the Trial of the Ancestors mechanic for the most part have been doing plenty of it. It is fairly out of the way of the normal game so while doing it during the campaign I was definitely hindering my progress on the actual campaign quite profusely and that means that it took me 12 hours to get through the actual campaign on this character because I spent maybe like 3 hours just fucking around with Trial of the Ancestors. It's pretty difficult during the campaign and not particularly rewarding for the campaign but it was still a lot of fun to try and figure out and try and engage. with so I didn't really regret doing that in other sort of news the trickster is doing pretty well for EK I don't think it's a complete no-brainer build so it might take a little bit of work mostly just have to like fix mana and make sure that you make a few little upgrades here or there but I'll talk a bit more about the character later first of all let me get into trial the ancestors of the mechanic itself so there's an entirely separate zone you enter once you have silver coins that is for the league mechanic it's this entire area this entire area is just for all of the different tribes that you will be fighting and then you can buy and sell with them once you have favor during the actual event you can buy and sell just units and also some equipment for those units you need a silver coin for each one of these so once you've built up a bunch of silver coins you can just do this forever and essentially you've either got you pick a dude to fight and you've either got rewards in the form of lots of extra favor, which lets you buy more units and as such progress further if you need that sort of assistance or look at the reward that is given and sometimes some pretty good stuff and sometimes not too much. And then your ranking here is just going to be something that progresses as you win more and it increases the difficulty of the entire thing as monster level goes up. It does go up pretty drastically in difficulty as monster level starts to go up. You start to just find that everything's one-shotting you. Either way, basically all you do is pick some stuff that you think you might want with some favor or some items and it can be quite rewarding. Once I've gotten past monster level 70, I've had a Divine Orb offered to me twice and a Six Link offered to me as well. So I've got most of my money this league so far from this league mechanic. In any case, so we'll pick something like that and then you have. a whole list of minions that you can start out with. You gain more minions as you progress more, just for the start of the battle. And then you've got a few things that you can do with those minions. Pretty much the attacker thing is bait. The escort is just stuff that's gonna be rolling around with you. The flankers are your bread and butter because you put a couple of dudes that are really good on flank and all they're gonna do is just go straight for the enemy totems and kill them. So to actually win the round, you have to just get rid of the enemy's totems, all of them. You can either click it and channel to destroy it yourself or your teammates can go do that. And they seem to be better at channeling and destroying enemy totems. So the strat is quite typically either have some stuff on defense or on escort, and then you hold down the fort while you have some flankers that go into the enemy region and destroy their totems. So in this case, I'm basically probably gonna do something like, so after having you know done a few of these I do have several minions I can play around with I don't know exactly what the best strat is gonna be here but we'll do something like that he can have a flank as well and this guy looks like he can flank and then he can flank and I just make sure I basically fill up my flankers and then I am doing as much of the mid combat as I can but if you are struggling on the combat as well then you probably want some more on defense but flank is what's gonna get you started hit start you'll do the little battle I'm at the stage where I'm probably gonna be getting one shot a bunch either way doesn't really matter too much because once you die you can res and keep fighting I've been using blade blast EK it's been pretty good and then on top of that what do you call it void sphere void sphere helps to sort of disrupt the enemies suck the sort of do that are getting away from you back in group them up and all that so it's been pretty good for the build I can go pretty quick like this because as you can see they're just flanking and just channeling the totem and beating it down your enemies are gonna feel quite a bit stronger than your teammates quite a lot of the time and then like I said by the time you get to the higher levels you start to get just like one shot but if he's go over there they're keeping him busy destroy the totem pretty easy stuff sometimes as you get further into the tournament more rounds done it does get tougher they've got more on the field but your goal is to basically just fill up the field as much as possible so that you got all the units on the field so then you get further in you get more stuff to work with but the main thing I wanted to mention is that you can buy and sell stuff so we go to acquire over here those favors as you can see I can't afford this thing I can afford a couple of things the items are something you're just going to put directly onto one minion that it's going to have for that person and you have to remove the minion from the field to do that but you can just have a look at your favor over here see what you've got available to and then go work with that so we've got 500 over there we've got 500 over here can't afford this either but what you can do is technically sell something so this guy is pretty good for flank he's got like can't be slowed he creates walls and stuff this thing typically doesn't seem like it does much you can sell this minion and then afford this and now we have an extra much better minion you can buy and sell equipment as well and this strat actually also works really well if you have a bunch of favor you don't need on someone else so for example um nefali maybe can buy a tutar or a tough snack tough snacks actually not bad i'm gonna use You can buy from someone else, sell to someone else, and stack up all of your favour to the one thing you want, because pretty typically, like, maybe this one can sell like a turtle in the end, which is a really strong unit that can flank and tank and all that sort of stuff, and it's going to cost a lot. It's pretty hard to get a lot of money out of it. Maybe this one can sell like a turtle in the end, which is a really strong unit that can flank and tank and all that sort of stuff, and it's going to cost a lot. It's pretty hard to get a lot of money out of it. I'm ready to go somewhere. All of this is pretty mediocre, but a lot of favour from doing camp and eliminating him next. So for this Fieldmaster, we'll probably put that on him there, and then I can have him on flank, and then once again, gonna be the same sort of strat, and we'll just try and let our teammates do the flanking, do the killing, and we keep them busy in the midfield. So you play as much or as little as you want until you find good rewards, and it seems to be pretty fun to me, honestly, as a very different mechanic in PoE, very side piece of content, and I've engaged with it plenty, and I think it's been pretty damn cool, at least so far for the first couple of days. The initial battles are always gonna be quite a clusterfuck right at the start, and they, like I said, since they are typically a bit stronger than you, your minions are gonna be dying and you might get overwhelmed, but you have to keep them busy until your flankers can essentially kill one of the other totems, or a couple of the other totems, or until you've killed a few of their guys so that they start respawning a bit later. longer and longer and then it becomes a one-way sort of battle and it does cascade quite quickly to the point where it's just basically over on their behalf. So the flanker strategy is pretty much what everyone's doing as far as I can tell especially in the higher tiers you can as you can see I'm almost getting one shot by everything it's gonna be hard to avoid that. Either way I think it's been pretty cool so far and hopefully you guys have been enjoying the league mechanic as well it gets a lot more fun once you get to higher tiers of your reward structure and figure out how to actually be able to do stuff it helps a lot to be able to kill some of their enemies but for a lot of it as far as I can tell you don't really even need to be a very powerful character you just need to be able to do the right strategy and waste some of their time every now and again. And then the reward structure can be pretty good it's where you get your tattoos from which are the things that are going to change your passives into more powerful versions of little... passives and I've yet to use any myself but they can be pretty game-changing if you stack up enough of them or in the right places and all that and I probably will use a few they are pretty damn cheap as well if you've yet to look around some of the ones that you may want to stack up pretty damn cheap it's just you need a few of them to really make it worthwhile so to talk more about my build it is the Theron Ives trickster and it's supposed to be full code but it's not quite yet full code it's more like half code and it's been going well enough it's not really stalled throughout the campaign at all it was just a bit tough during the league mechanic but for the most part Theron Ives has been doing plenty by itself the only thing I've really had to try and fix was some mana issues and I've put clarity on arrogance which makes it cast off of my life and then other than that you just need a few little upgrades here or there to make the build feel quite good in early mapping EK does do most of the damage in the build, but Blade Blast is there for the additional single target. It does feel a bit weird with Returned Proj, because Returned Proj does shoot back your projectiles a bit further behind you than you'd like, ideally it's like on top of you, so I've also had to take slower Proj mastery to help with that, but I think maybe getting the Aetheru Knives Circle Helm enchant might essentially mimic what the Nimis build I did will do, and that should make Blade Blast a lot more comfortable to stack up. I've yet to try that, but it's quite possibly going to be the play, we'll have to wait and see, as well as that, the AoE enchant is going to make it so our pretty much outdoor map clear is going to be a lot nicer. So to go over my character really quick, level 79-1div is the character name, you can import my character in Path of Building yourself whenever you want, if you go to Path of Building go to the account set section, type in Mathel, that's my account, and then yoink this character. You can see the progress as it's happening or just catch up on stream however you want. We've got a five link at the moment, so I bought a five link for 3C, just a base, and then got some Evasion Energy Shield on it. Once you get some decent Evasion Energy Shield on your chest, that's when you start to become a good bit tankier, because then you start building up a good base of Evasion and Energy Shield for Ghost Shrouds as well. I've yet to even put Grace into the build, so we'll probably kick Vitality somewhat soon and put Grace in and level Vitality as much as I can or even on my life as well. But I've yet to put Grace in, just been surviving off of this much Evasion and our freeze. I'm a very, very basic character at the moment, like fuckin' five to 10Cs worth of gear. Bit of life and resist wherever. To make the build feel quite a bit nicer throughout leveling and early maps, try and get Car Speed wherever you can. So 20 Car Speed on your Amulet. some car speed on your wand and some car speed on your rings so i've just found some basic car speed resists life that sort of thing on my gear so far this belt is from 100 levels ago most of this stuff is still really crap i haven't done any real shopping or upgrading and the build still feels kind of decent so you can see we've kind of fixed mana with clarity but as well as that enduring mana flask helps a lot prior to the clarity but then you are very reliant on kind of mana flasks it doesn't feel great but the other way we've also helped solve the mana is by taking the mastery here skills cost life instead of 30% of cost and then that synergizes with what is supposed to be this as well 40% damage with skills that cost life but basically i have gone towards the entire tree that i posted for the sort of end game next is to just get suppress and make sure you do your uber lab as well well for the final points because the trajectory I went was polymath into one step ahead into escape artist into soul drinker still lots of upgrades to go important stuff plus one fizz spell skills so on this it's a pretty basic one it's a minion wand but yeah it doesn't matter it dropped with some decent stats for myself so I started using it and my links are currently ethereal knives crit damage crit strike spell echo return proj the next one is possibly going to be pinpoint but I do need some cold penetration in the build as well so actually going for some cold pen eventually is going to be on the agenda and maybe some room sorrows so I fully convert we'll see how that goes but currently you can see that my spread is about a third fears and then about you know two-thirds cold and it should be all cold in the end it's just that I'm not fully ready to penetrate enemy res that's why I haven't done it And then Blade Blast is just on a 4-link at the moment. I bought a Blade Blast that's level 21 for 6 Chaos because they're cheap, no one cares about them. Blade Blast, Crit Strikes, Area, and Crit Damage. Currently using Area so that the overlap feels better, but hopefully it will feel better once I just plain have a better setup with the EK. Because as you can see, currently the Return Proj does sometimes fire it behind you, but I did take the Mastery for less Proj Speed to help put it less further behind. Because the more Proj Speed you have, the further it's gonna kinda land behind you more often than not. So that's kinda why I've avoided Proj Speed and gotten that as well. But once we get the Area Enchant, then maybe we can get more Proj Speed, better clear, and ultimately better Blade Blast. That's the theory anyway. And then we need to put it into something that's gonna have plus levels, that sort of thing. And that's pretty much all that needs to be said for now. So, check my character as it needs to, as you need to, minus one div through the path of building, and you'll see the progress, but so far so good, just going into early white maps and into yellow maps, and it should be pretty smooth. Should take us as far as it needs to go, pending all of the right upgrades. Hopefully your league stars are going great. The other two that I put out, Stormburst Totems and Ice Shot Jedi, are going great for everyone as well. If you have any questions, feel free to come into the stream and ask. Thank you very much for watching. See you guys next time.