Hey guys it's Matthew here once again with just a few quick and dirty starter builds for the, what's it called again? Trial of the Ancestors League. It is just yet another league without too many initial skill changes but there's lots of new support gems to fuck around with and by all means there's gonna be quite a lot of meta shifting to be done throughout the league but to start with you can once again do basically the same supports, the same links, the same stuff you did on previous league with lots of different builds. The three builds I'm just gonna give you are fairly simple but effective ones that should get you through the campaign and might have potential for scaling all the way into the endgame with the right love. The builds that I'm talking about are going to be Ice Shot, Aetheru Knives, Trickster with Blade Blast as well as a Cold base and a stormburst totem setup that can scale into shockwave totems if you'd rather do that. But to begin with, let's go over the Ice Shot Deadeye. Ice Shot Deadeye is actually the build I started last league with, that is Crucible League. It was included in the starter list and then I built upon it throughout the first week of the league I think. Sat on it for quite a while and was very happy with how it started out as a first character with no gear. I'd say most bow builds are in a decent enough place to actually start out pretty well but there was the new Vial Ice Shot as well as Vial Lightning Arrow and you can take this build and do Lightning Arrow in a similar fashion if you want to customise it to be a bit different. But Ice Shot itself is a really cool skill. It has a big sort of chill and freeze component to it. You basically build entirely cold base and then the Vial Ice Shot that came in as a new tool gave you additional single target in the form of pressing a button for a bunch of extra clones of yourself. Last league we did this with snipers marks so you can see a lot of projectiles going all over the place whenever you snipers mark some enemies and also Vengeant Cascade was a really big thing last league for all projectile based builds. That won't be in the game anymore but you can still use return projectiles if you want more I guess projectiles all over the place but it wasn't really necessary. Vengeant Cascade just ended up taking this build into uber territory without any large budget but without Vengeant Cascade this starter should still comfortably go through all the way to the basic endgame I suppose. From memory I only started using Vengeant Cascade at like level 85 or so red tier maps. Prior to then very budget gear very basic setup and it went pretty damn well just as a nice little character bow character bow starter. and it did take me all the way through to end game, but that was with Vengeant Cascade. So I do the same as last league, have a base template for about level 60. This was just a test leveling run on standard. So you can see kind of how to build as you go early game. And then this time around, I actually have the proper level 95 character all the way through to killing uber bosses. Like I said, it's with Vengeant Cascade, so you're gonna have to remove that. And if you still want that additional proj firing back and forth, it's gonna have to be in the form of a support and taking something else out, which I'm not entirely sure what we do. It might be Mirage Archer, but Mirage Archer is really nice for clear. It could be Bone Chill. It's gonna be kind of up to you if you still want that return proj, but I don't think it's gonna be strictly necessary. So if you pick up Ice Shot or Lightning Arrow, play around with it, see what you like, see how it feels. But I think it's fine without it, at least as a starter anyway. You really shouldn't be basing starters or almost anything in this game around kill. uber bosses so take that with just a bit of a grain of salt for what's capable in this game as far as the crucible mechanic it did add a little bit of damage to our bow and a little bit of attack speed i imagine the tattoos from ancestral stuff will do a bit of extra juice as well but we'll have to wait and see if you want more info on this build realistically i've got like three or four videos at the start of crucible league that go over this in fine detail but um yeah the builds there loved ice shot and most bow starters should be pretty comfortable early on they are going to be more of like soft core builds because you can easily just kind of ignore your life pool or certain defenses and build more into offense be a bit faster kill things before they kill you um but ultimately you can get some good defense as well in the form of evasion be it a life pull uh spell suppress and i ended up using kintsugi in this build for the first time i think maybe even ever and it did really feel like it upped my tank in factor quite a lot. So um that's probably the main thing that you want to do if you really want to focus on being a bit more defensive. Otherwise more offense is going to be the best defense as a bow user. The next build is in all likelihood what i will end up playing and that is Ethereal knives trickster as a cold base. Ethereum knives is pretty versatile these days but it does typically want a bit more gear to ramp into a proper build but with returning projectiles or nimmies ethereal knives does become pretty damn good with blade blast. So conventionally ethereal knives just throws some daggers or knives somewhere away from you and then it's really hard to use blade blast but with return projectiles being a level 38 support i think you can actually make ethereal knives work very early on and have blade blast as a secondary single target in that setup so that you don't feel like you need as much gear to scale the build throughout most of the later game mapping system. This time around it is going to be a trickster. I played a similar or I basically played a Aetheru knives blade blast setup during crucible league as an inquisitor and it was build of the league. It was the best thing I played that league and it was really amazing having the combo of Aetheru knives and blade blast and it was an extremely powerful setup for damage. You can even see that throughout this little sample video of that character I can take out 4 of my supports and thus I'm only on a 2 link and also turn off ratchets fire and still have very good clear, very good single target and also give you a display of what blade blast does. It should just be a really good button to press when you've collected a bunch of blades at your feet for a big extra burst of single target. The endgame POB for my current little starter Trickster is about 1-2 million DPS and this really scuffed simulated setup for the Inquisitor is about 2-3 million DPS as well, and if it can already take on endgame comfortably then I think the Trickster should be able to do it as well. The issue is that the previous Inquisitor was fairly endgame and it did use some pretty endgame shit and it's not something you're going to be replicating any time soon. So I had to adjust it to something that's going to level nicer, a shadow as opposed to a Templar for Aetheru and Ives, and then also adjust it to more realistic expectations in terms of what it can do in the endgame with the type of gear that we're going to give it. So it is going to still be full cold convert which is a little bit different to the Inquisitor, the Inquisitor did it all kinds of elemental damage but mostly cold this one should be just full cold and I'm very unsure as to exactly how I want to build it so I could either go down or I could go up and to figure that out I'm pretty much just gonna have to play it and figure it out as I go so I've given a provisional tree for end game that we can kind of ramp into around level 90 that does have decent enough dps that should be able to simulate some sort of end game damage compared to the inquisitor but I still don't really know how this is going to play out this character is going to supposedly have some evasion some good spells to press some good leech and hopefully with the freeze enough of a sort of play style and setup to be able to take on most content that's the plan I'm going to probably be the person going forward with this and then posting videos and updates for it but you could also still try and do the inquisitor version and then just build into it as you go with the right gear because I know that this one is an absolute beast it is going to lose a few things because we can't steal the guardian node this one here and you're probably not going to have the exact same sort of output especially since our crucible tree won't be there for a little bit of extra life and cast speed but overall you can see the template of what was my best build that league and maybe even one of the best builds I've ever played but we do have a small template of how I just then tested an EK starter up to level 60 it was surprisingly not that bad you start out with Theru knives you use other stuff like flame wall you get blade blast at level 16, which starts to help a little bit you can use other spells if you want but it took till about level 20, 25 once we get hatred that's around the time that it started to feel kind of okay so I just did these points here to begin with and then went up and took these crit nodes started to become crit, then went down and grabbed the pierce. And yeah, by level 60, as you could just see throughout that little video, we were doing okay. And ideally, we should be able to use Returning Proj at level 38 on the new league to enable Blade Blast a lot sooner. And hopefully, it helps carry the leveling process. But the gear I used was absolute trash. So it was stuff I basically didn't even change for like 30 levels, 40 levels. Just to make sure it works at the barest of bones. And yeah, hopefully, it serves us well. And hopefully, it goes places. It's a bit provisional, but I think EK Blade Blast is a bit of a winner once it gets built well enough. And then lastly, another build I'll give that's kinda provisional is Stormburst Totems. I've wanted to do Stormburst Totems for quite a while now because I know that there's some potential behind those. But I still haven't got around to it due to just doing all kinds of other stuff. And I do think it can be a nice enough starter as I did try and do it one time during a gauntlet. So building HC SSF with much thicker parameters, I managed to get to like level 70 with it fairly comfortably. I then also just now tested it up to about level 60 on crucible and standard, and it does go well enough. And the biggest benefit is that it can also transition to Shockwave Totem if you really want to go that route, which is an absolute winner of a build, especially for Sanctum. You just kind of need an Astral Projector to make it feel really good. Either way, this build here, Stormburst Totems, it's a bit messy, as you can see, with lots of Stormburst going off, but it levels pretty nice. And I think it can scale really well into mid to late end game with almost no currency or gear whatsoever. From the little POB that I've put up with pretty crap gear, it does go up to about 7 million DPS, and it can. have a bit of tankiness as well on top of that. I think it can also potentially be used with the new Spellblade support with Energy Blade if you want to reroute the build a whole bunch, but this one is just supposed to be pure lightning, pretty provisional so I don't really know exactly how it's going to go, but you can try your best to mimic the Shockwave Totem POB that I used for my build winning Shockwave Totem for pure endgame and also maybe transition into it later game if you really want to, but hopefully it serves you well. I was debating starting this one but I think I need to do the Theronives just so I can make more videos on it early on. Then of course I will be giving you my little levelling test of up to about level 60 and you can see how I levelled and what kind of gear I've got, absolute garbage, and then the actual endgame POB that I've somewhat tried to simulate up to about level 95 which... does have decent DPS and just some okay gear, but some of the stuff you're kind of gonna try and chase down to be a starting point for this type of totem build. And then you can see the Shockwave totem that was one of the most powerful builds I'd ever done a good few leagues ago at this point, but Shockwave totem hasn't really gotten any worse. It just requires a few pretty nice pieces of gear to really go the distance for pure like Uber end game and all that. But I do think Stormburst totems themselves have potential to scale just as high as Shockwave totem, maybe even higher. It's possibly just whether or not you're really enjoying the play style by comparison, because Stormburst is a little bit different. So you do still wanna kind of build into plenty of totem stuff and crit and all that. But on top of that, Stormburst kind of likes its duration because the more duration you have, the more of these balls that you're going to put out that then pop and you. have to be careful with your duration because there's certain thresholds you want to hit every like 0.4 or so if you read the actual skill and we currently with this setup have a 3.2 second duration which just barely hits an extra threshold to explode an extra ball so keep an eye on that as you're doing duration and stuff if it's hitting these 0.4 thresholds because otherwise some of the duration stuff you're getting is not going to really be worth anything up till that point if that makes sense otherwise it's still a pretty basic totem passive tree i think we go through some minion and fizz nodes and eventually get the minion nodes to then make the damage apply to ourselves in the test that i did i did go immediately into totems just to make sure that works i basically went through these nodes grabbed the area i think and then went all the way straight into ancestral bond and by like level 15 i was using two stormburst totems It's not the best, I'm not gonna lie to you, but it was good enough. So if you wanna go immediately totem base, then do that as well and it will be a bit shit, but we also use Stormblast Mine as something to do for ourselves once we put our two totems down. So put two totems down and then just cast Mines and then let them detonate. But if you don't feel like doing that immediately, then you can just level with Rolling Magma, Flame Wall, the usual setup like that. And then once you get your first ascendancy, that's when, realistically, it feels pretty good to swap into totems. You get your third totem, you get good placement speed, and then you should be able to justify going towards a pure Stormburst totem setup. You can also check the VODs for like two or three days ago and see how I leveled it if you really wanna do that. But this template should be enough. We do that and then just, yeah, pick up other stuff and hopefully, eventually, we're working towards that. towards this. And you could also do many other things with this. You can be different sort of scaling systems. You can be a bit more code-based. You can be Doriani's prototype-based. You can be an Inquisitor and maybe steal a Hierophant node. But this is what I got for you. And ultimately, like I said, the biggest PRB I've got is the Shockwave Totem from a few leagues ago. But that's all. Like I said, I was potentially going to start Stormburst, but I think I need to do the EK just because I need to figure that out more and then post more about it. These are the three builds I got. Hopefully something happens and you figure something out for starting. I was still very unsure up until this basic moment, but there's a lot of new supports to try. There's a lot of previous builds that still work and are great. So it should be a fairly solid league start for us all. But yeah, hopefully Trial of the Ancestors goes well for you, goes well for me. have a lot of fun and I'll be online something like one hour before the league launch hopefully cosplaying something I've still have to go figure something out we'll see how we go thank you very much for watching see you guys next time