Hey guys, it's Matthew here once again and I wanted to put out a pretty generic video that might help just about everyone. I'm talking the beginners all the way through to the pretty advanced. Chances are if you've dedicated your life to PoE then this video won't really be for you but I wanted to do some sort of tips, tricks and some information that isn't so widely available. So we're talking Path of Exile being a massive game, there's lots of information out there and some stuff that you learn and pick up along the way is not very intuitive but it's very helpful and it's the type of stuff that you'll see all kinds of streamers and YouTubers and stuff do and then you'll be wondering why did they do that or how did they do that or how did they know to do that. So hopefully this video is more for people that are like 50 hours to a thousand hours, there's a few things you may have missed. Hopefully there's a bit of something for everyone, lots of quick tips, tricks and I'm just going to get straight into it. So to begin with one that's pretty obvious for just about everyone. but the beginners. Path over building. That's a very powerful third-party tool that just about every PoE player out there is using. It is essentially just a program that lets you toy around with, fool around with, and calculate lots of things in your build and in the game. You can take other people's builds and just import them, you can save your own builds, and most importantly, you can test and experiment with things worry-free just because it's got everything there and it'll do all your calculations for you. One particularly important thing I want to mention through Path of Building that not everyone still uses is the power report. So if we just have a quick look at this, you go show node power. What that's going to do is show the power of every single node based off of what you want it to show. So ideally you're probably looking at like full DPS. The most useful thing for this is to kind of figure out your... let's do hit DPS because that'll... have a full DPS setup. You want to figure out what your anoint is going to be so your most powerful node to steal and put on your amulet. It takes a little bit of calculating sometimes but basically it's just going to go over and show for your current setup your best just damage node point for point. It's not always going to be purely accurate because of various factors but it's usually a good indicator of what your most powerful node is and on top of that it can also show you what your build is kind of lacking. It might really highlight that you need a lot of crit multi or a bit of flat damage so it'll show you what your most powerful nodes are based off of the heat of the map. Otherwise you can just hit show power report and then it'll actually list for you your most powerful nodes just by clicking on them. Sometimes it'll do notables which won't keystones which won't really matter otherwise you've got your like most powerful node here and if you look at it it's going to give you something like nine percent damage that might be what you want to anoint So it's a pretty powerful tool. Now, on the topic of Path of Building, one thing that you can do for your Path of Building, not too many people still use, is just copy-paste your item across. So all you need to do in-game, so you're just running around in-game, doesn't really matter, hover over your item, CTRL-C, and then you can actually import that exact item into Path of Building, and then toy around with that exact item in the tool itself. That'll work for all of your gear, it'll also work for gear that you see around, so I'm pretty sure if we just do this over that guy's item there, we can import it, and someone linked you something, and that works too. And that will bring me to the next portion of the quick tips and tricks, and that is the trade site. Now, we can make an entire video about the trade site, but basically this is what everyone uses to trade in Path of Exile, Path of Exile trade official site. Some things that people still don't know, for whatever reason... If we just search for anything, doesn't fucking matter. There are a couple of buttons over here. There's one copy item and there is one filter item by stats. When you're searching items on Path of Exile trade website, whatever you're looking for, if you think maybe it's an upgrade for me, maybe it's not, it's very simple to have your path of building open, hit copy item, that copies the item and you can import it directly into your path of building. So before you buy anything or commit to anything, you can test the item off of the site and copy it over. The next thing in the trade site is also filter item by item stats. So this is very powerful for uniques because uniques, you search for one, it's gonna have like six unique properties that are hard to otherwise quantify. And all you do is hit filter item by stats and it copies across all of the stats of that item and then you can adjust them however you see fit. So that's pretty useful. Usually, let's say, and it's series flask, for example. usually pretty tough to search up otherwise. Whole bunch of unique stats. You then hit filter item by stats and you want the best possible one. So you'll hit 15, you'll hit 10, whatever it is. And then it will search for only those with those parameters. Pretty useful for trade. The one other thing, like I said, there's lots we can do in trade. The one other thing I wanna highlight for you guys is the tilled button here. If you type that in before you type anything, then it'll accumulate anything you type. It doesn't matter if it's in sequential order or not and search for it. So to give you a better example, let's zoom in on this real quick. So what we're doing is let's say we want maximum life. That'll search up anything that has maximum life saying maximum life in sequential order. But if you want, for example, life, leech, attack, it's gonna do anything that. has those words throughout the entire sequence and accumulate them and it's very powerful and very useful to search up all kinds of things if I want for example attack crit I don't have that because that I searched it wrong but if I instead do tilled attack crit it has all of the various options and the one I'm usually looking for is gonna have attacks have percent crit so just keep in mind when you're searching usually want a little tilt button before you do anything and then start your search and the one last sort of third party or out of game thing I wanted to mention and talk about is POE DB most people would be pretty familiar with it and use it but it is essentially especially once you've started crafting in this game a very powerful tool to show you the modifiers that are possible on your item so if we look at POE DB modifiers I basically have this up pretty much always and use it several times a day you will just have all of the listed items and if you want to know what's possible on one for example, you'll click the ones thing and then lo and behold it'll have all of the modifiers in prefix format, in suffix format, in various influences because there are influenced items in the game, all stuff possible and then it'll show you what level things are. If you click on it it'll show you what level is possible to get what sort of modifier. It is basically mandatory to have something like this at your disposal if you care about crafting or just learning the game's item system in general. Next we have the stash tab system. Essentially well Path of Exile is a free to play game entirely from beginning to however far you want to go but most people agree that you need a few stash tabs to truly enjoy the game especially in the end game. So most people are going to end up spending a little bit of money at least on stash tabs and if you want to know what the best possible stash tabs to get, I mean a lot of them are very handy, very useful. Realistically it's very difficult to play the game without a currency tab. without a map tab and without at least one premium tab. So any sort of tab that is a premium, because once you hit right click on it, you can set it to public, and then you can start selling things from that tab. So you hit it to public, price each thing individually, and then you can actually start selling stuff that'll go through the trade website. Those I'd say the absolute most mandatory, but the other sort of really useful ones are also gonna be divination card and possibly a fragment tab just to allocate, coordinate all your fragments. This one I wouldn't say is mandatory. Divination card is gonna save you a lot of space, but a lot of headache will be saved through using the currency and the map tab for sure. And while we're on the topic of tabs, there are things called affinities. So when you right click your tab, if you've got custom tabs, there's something called affinity. And that just simply means that whenever you try and bank something into your tab, your stash you will be funneling all those items to whatever tab has that affinity so the currency tab any currency items going to be going straight towards this no matter what tab you're on likewise for the oils let's say if it's got an affinity for blight it's going to go there the fragments if there's an affinity for fragments and you tick that it's going to go there so then it doesn't matter where I'm sitting for example there if we control click that's another thing control click into the stash tab those things are going to go to their respective tabs regardless huge time saver and something you absolutely need to do control clicking goes towards the tab control clicking out sends it back into your inventory you can also split items well first of all by shift clicking having that but can be very convenient very comfortable to split items by holding the stack holding shift and then you can separate them one at a time that is pretty new technology but very useful indeed and then you also have consuming currency at a more accelerated rate instead of just like clicking each one individually if you hold your currency hover it over and then hold shift you can hold and keep using that currency item for as many times as you want while shift is still pressed pretty damn good for spamming fusings or maybe some chaos that sort of thing there's also the factor of quality on your items so quality comes from weapon quality maps what ever it is to apply quality to items if they're white you'll get five quality per use of currency if they're blue you'll get two quality per use of currency if they're rare or unique you'll get one quality per use of currency so to give you an example we can grab a let's say map real quick so here's a really old school map if we have it as rare see that rare you add one chisels worth quality two chisels, it's going to be one per. If you scour it, it's a white item, you add a chisel, it's going to give you five per. If it's going to be a blue item, you add a chisel, it's going to be two per. So you want to plan a little bit ahead for all of your items when it comes to armor scraps, whetstones, and cartography chisels to indicate the quality most efficiently. On top of that, quality on your weapons and armor is going to help with the ability to six link. So before you six link or you six socket, make sure you are always qualitying your armor and your weapon to maximum. And speaking of quality and gem interactions, what you can do is for gem cutter prisms, you can increase the quality of your gems one at a time like so. But if your gem is level 20, then you can sell it to the vendor with a level or with a gem cutter prism to give yourself back a level 120 quality. That does mean you have to re-level all over again, but. It does give you a 20 quality gem, save you a lot of currency. And typically when you're leveling a character at high levels, you would do this for a lot of your gems and re-level them straight back up to full. There are a few other tips or interactions you can do for gems in the form of de-leveling a gem all the way back down to level one, if you really want to do that for various reasons. Selling it with a regret orb gives you a level one version of whatever gem you have. So it can go back down to level one with 20 quality. Selling a gem with a scouring orb, de-levels it by one level in case you've leveled it up too much or you just want to take it back down for a certain reason. Next, when you're in your hideout, you might want to make sure you set up your hideout with all of your various stash tabs and usable benches and shit. And you go to your edit or your decorations and make sure you place all of your different league mechanics down onto your stash so you can actually interact with them. There's going to be things like expedition locker, there's going to be things like your... various league NPCs, I guess a heist locker, all those things, make sure you're not missing out on your harvest bench. So once you've interacted with them, you should be able to place them into your hideout and then have them at your disposal. That's not going to be universal for everything, but for quite a lot of the useful ones. On the topic of the crafting bench, there are a few powerful things to use there, but one thing not too many people still know of, for some reason, is if you go all the way down to the bottom, you can do your undiscovered or your veiled, and it'll show you your varying crafting recipes that you don't have. I'm apparently on standard, which means I have unveiled and discovered everything, but if we're like on a new league, if you hit this undiscovered or veiled situation, it'll show you all of the recipes that you don't have discovered yet and where they're from. Likewise with the veils, it'll show you where all of the recipes that you don't have, who's going to give it to you. So it pays off. to see where you want what you need right down the bottom if you're missing certain recipes. And one thing with the crafting bench that has become very commonplace amongst veteran PeeWee players, but is not at all obvious, is when you have a item that is pure armor, for example, it inclines to be pure red sockets. So it is hard to color it outside of the red socket realm. It'll typically be red sockets and then maybe some other things. But to get easy recolorings, you use the crafting bench and jeweler orbs. So to start with, you can, if you want, just let's say four blue sockets, which is very hard to do on a just pure armor item. You can start with two blue sockets, for example, and then do sockets and just add and remove sockets as you go, because that third one is going to then be a bit of a wild card and it's not going to strictly obey the rules of just pure red armor. So you can keep going this way. It's going to be far more. to add and remove sockets through three to four sockets. This is an interaction that was discovered like I don't know, seven years ago. Prior to that, almost no one was doing this and it was very hard to get four off colors, five off colors, six off colors on an item. But now it's very obvious to most of us, it's still gonna be a bit of a weird one for a lot of people. And the only other thing I wanted to mention about benchcrafting is focus crafts. A lot of people ask where you get your focus craft from or your focus on your skill bar. Simply, once this focus craft happens, it's usually from a betrayal interaction, any sort of focus thing. Once you craft an item with focus onto a piece of gear and put it on, then you'll just have a focus button happening throughout your gear, throughout your skill system and you'll be able to select it and then use it. And it's just basically a temporary buff with a cool down system attached. And then just a few things about maps. When you're actually filling out your map system. and looking at it, you can quite easily snap to any map that you have on your Atlas that's visible by right-clicking any of your maps. If you right-click Infested Valley, it's gonna show you exactly where it is. Likewise with Precinct, likewise with Castle Ruins, it's gonna snap immediately to that map, and then you know what you're looking at, what's connected and whatnot. Also, you can sell your maps three to one. So if you have too much of a particular map and you're trying to upgrade, sell three of your maps and you'll get the next tier up and likely it'll be connected to the tiers that you have. And also when you're trying to progress your maps, make sure you use your Commander Kerak, buy his maps as often as possible. This shit that he's selling and offering will reset every single time you open a map and use his sort of thing. So if you use his mission, even without entering it, he will reset his offerings and then you can buy different stuff. that's a nice way to keep your map pool healthy throughout the league. There's then a lot to be said about lots of league mechanics but one thing I specifically see a lot of people still be a bit surprised by is the harvest system that does actually have color coding and things that mean things with its choices that you make. So you'll come across a harvest and there'll be various plots that you click on and various decisions to make. The blue ones are the ones you most definitely want because these ones are going to spawn a couple extra monsters that drop more harvest currency than the others. These white ones are then going to drop a few currency pieces and these gray ones are typically not going to drop shit. So if you come across a plot like this one the obvious choice is going to be the two blues over here and likewise there's one here there's one over here but there's kind of a hierarchy of value as well. Usually the yellow plots are going to be worth a bit more and then the blue and the purple ones are but it doesn't really matter. But then obviously, if you happen to come across a boss, that one here, it's pretty rare, but it's gonna drop the most currency, you usually wanna fight those as a priority. Another thing that often surprises people about a league mechanic is ambush. These are strong boxes, they can actually be interacted with with your currency. So you can identify them. And on top of that, if you don't like what they have, you can actually use various currencies on them to roll them differently. Chaos, alks, alterations. This usually isn't actually relevant or useful, but it can be decent for arcanist strong boxes and divination card strong boxes. Really only recommended if you actually care about the outcomes of those, usually early in the league. Typically, actually rolling strong boxes isn't gonna get you too far, but it is possible. And you can, at the very least, identify them to see what they have, because freeze boxes totally fucking suck. And the last few things, pantheons are a very powerful system for helping upgrade your character just a little bit. bit fine-tuning them. They're usually quite situational, like you might want to choose various ones for various different content, but quite typically some of them are powerful enough to leave and to upgrade the Pantheons, as you can see, some of these are not upgraded. What you have to do is put a map in with a divine vessel into the device map, divine vessel, and make sure you are capturing the thing that you want. So if we want, for example, to upgrade this Pantheon and then use it full-time, capture Stalker of the Endless Dunes, we type in Stalker of the Endless, and we'll find it's up there, and we put in a dig map plus that, kill the boss, capture it, and then we upgrade our Pantheon. Careful though, because you can't ever un-upgrade them, but that's not really ever gonna get you in trouble almost ever, so feel free to upgrade them and then use them as you see fit. On top of that, for labs and lab trials, as you go through the campaign, there's gonna be normal, cruel, and merciless. Merciless? well there'll be three tiers of lab and then there's going to be the uber lab the uber lab will have these six trials it wants you to complete you don't actually have to do these anymore all you have to do is get one offering to the goddess and then you can go to your lab give the offering to the goddess and just enter uber lab whenever you want so as soon as you finish maps if you have access to offering to the goddess you can in in fact jump into uber lab without doing any trials we then also have the ability to use your fragments so sacrifice at dusk these little atzeri fragments you can put them into your map device and open them and it will open a vile side zone so if you want to farm um extra vile side zones for corrupted gems or some shit then you can open that and use that and lastly just for anyone coming over from Diablo 4 there's a just a slight difference in a couple of things of a lucky hit that's not a thing in Path of Exile in that way there is a lucky hit um on on a few items that you're gonna find and it's your critical strike chance is lucky. Some of your hits can be lucky. And what that means is it's just simply gonna take the attack you do and roll it twice and then pick the best outcome. There are a few instances of it and it can be very good, but it's not something you come across too commonly. Regardless, it's a completely different mechanic. And then one last thing for the Diablo IV guys is there are search functions everywhere in the game and use them liberally. They are amazing. So you can search for various currencies or something and then highlight it. You can search through all of your stash tabs for various things and it is very useful. The search functions are pretty much everywhere. So make sure you take advantage of that as opposed to the default system which had a horrible search function. Even in microtransaction store and everything, you can search for various things, but yeah, it's. It's good stuff. And that's it. Hopefully I haven't missed anything I wanted to do, but just a few tips, tricks, stuff like that. Stuff that gets asked about pretty commonly when I'm streaming. How'd you do that? Why'd you do that? And yeah, stuff you just pick up as you play along the course of the game. Just one I actually remembered just now. When you finish leveling throughout the campaign, it's usually a good idea to type slash passives. That shows you all of the passives that you have or have not got from the campaign. Usually a good idea once you just finish the campaign to check, make sure you have everything. Zero from deal with bandits means we've actually sided with a bandit, but otherwise we've got all our passives. And there it is. I think that's covering everything for tips, tricks, and information. Hopefully it was pretty useful for you. Path of Exile is an amazing game. A lot to figure out, a lot to experience. Hope you guys have fun doing it. Thank you very much for watching. See you guys next time.