The text describes the individual's morning routine, which starts around 6 or 6.30 a.m. They aim for bed by 10.30 p.m. Upon waking, the individual emphasizes the importance of getting natural light in your eyes early in the day. Doing so can improve sleep, energy, mood, wakefulness and metabolism. This should happen without sunglasses, and contacts or eyeglasses are acceptable. Sunlight exposure should last around 10 minutes in bright conditions and 20-30 minutes on overcast days. Doing so can set in motion various neurobiological and hormonal cascades that are beneficial to health, including stress and cortisol reduction. It is noted that artificial light can be used as a replacement if natural light isn't available, and this exposure is sometimes combined with a morning walk or coffee in the yard. To start a day, it is suggested to get as much natural light in the morning as possible, especially within the first three hours after waking up. Working outside or near a window is recommended. It's important to hydrate and drink water. One's preferred form of caffeine can be consumed 90 to 120 minutes after waking up. In this case, yerba mate is preferred. Additionally, during this time, electrolytes intake can be beneficial. One way to get these electrolytes can be through drinking water with element, with a preference for sea salt or pink salt in the absence of element packets. Among the range of element flavors, raspberry, citrus, and mango chili are liked but the chocolate one is not favored. It's also advisable to avoid email and social media during the first 90 minutes of the day and focus on personal care. The speaker has a routine focusing on daily cognitive and physical tasks. They allocate 90 minutes each day to work on challenging tasks such as reading research articles, working on documents, grants, research papers, or planning or researching podcasts. They do this to avoid the distractions presented by social media and other external interactions. The speaker also has a consistent routine of doing a physical workout, which involves weight training for 45 minutes to an hour every other day, with occasional variations due to travel or other commitments. Finally, they have a habit of ingesting caffeine 90 to 120 minutes after waking. The text is about a person's fitness routine and habits. They prefer jogging, skipping rope, occasionally swimming, and sometimes running with a weight vest as their preferred forms of cardio. Ben Patrick influences some of their exercises, which sometimes include backward hill walks with a weight vest or hill walks with bands. These are considered more rehabilitative than a workout. They tend to do cardio on off days, either in the morning or evening. They prefer weight training in the first half of the day when they are caffeinated and can listen to loud, fast music. Their weight training workouts usually start with a 10-minute warm-up, followed by 40 to 50 minutes of intense training. Training longer affects their recovery time for subsequent workouts. They usually have their first meal after ending their morning workout around 10:30 or 11:00 AM. They try to focus solely on their workout. The speaker has a post training meal consisting mainly of oatmeal, fruit, some fish oil, and protein drink. About 90-120 minutes later, they have a larger meal which includes steak, a salad, some starch, and Brazil nuts. After their meals, the speaker does some work, typically emailing, for about 30 minutes to an hour. They also have a habit of taking a 10 to 30 minute nap, namely a yoga Nidra nap. But they often struggle with naps as they tend to wake up disoriented and emotionally unstable. If the nap is early enough in the day, they have a double espresso and get back to work. They believe that the key to dealing with the hardest part of the day, which is around 2 or 3 pm, is to do something cognitively stimulating. They also emphasize that productivity is more about the quality (depth) of work rather than the quantity (duration) of work. The speaker emphasizes the importance of focusing and disconnecting from distractions like a phone while working. Their aim is to aim to complete tasks by evening so they can do things they enjoy.