The speaker suggests a workout routine based on only 10 exercises to build muscle. The exercises mentioned include inclined presses using dumbbells rather than a barbell for their versatility and comfort. They can help build upper pecs and are safe to do. This speaker also recommends side laterals or dumbbell lateral raise, specifying that they should be done standing, and moving to the side rather than front and offers cues to guard against unnecessary movement in the traps. Another suggested exercise is one-armed preacher curls, which can be performed with either a machine or dumbbells. The speaker is discussing a workout routine that includes preacher curls as a single exercise, hack squats, tricep extensions, rear delts, face pulls with the rope, incline dumbbell press, and incline dumbbell fly. The speaker also mentions that they have issues with a bicep tendon. They also discuss their technique for each exercise, focusing on different aspects, like using a narrower stance for hack squats or focusing on unilateral movement for preacher curls. They emphasize the importance of feeling and seeing the movements to ensure they're done correctly. For back exercises, they mention underhand bent over rows. The speaker is explaining their preference for underhand exercise technique over an overhand one because it puts less strain on the forearms and emulates stage movements better. Additionally, this practice reportedly has a lower injury risk. The speaker mentions a series of exercises such as incline dumbbell, incline fly, lateral raises, hack squats, single-arm preacher, pushdowns, face pulls, and pull-ups in various positions. The 10th exercise mentioned is the step mill, which can also be used for glute workouts. The speaker used to use additional weights for these exercises earlier in their career and also used E-STEM units for cardio, specifically Compex. The speaker was sponsored to do Complex on a step mill and used an SP6 or SP8 at 25% power while doing squats, which he describes as very challenging. He recommends caution with these machines as they can push the body further than it could typically go unaided. He criticizes common mistakes made with cardio exercises including hugging and stooping over the machine, which could be harmful to the back. He recommends slower, purposeful movement at a lower speed for better muscle activation in the glutes and quads. He also alludes to the idea that this method may be considered boring, but asserts that it will offer better results. The text primarily talks about the benefits of a service called Factor. Factor provides fresh, never-frozen meals that are designed by registered dietitians. These meals are ready to heat and eat within minutes and require zero prep time. This is a good solution for those struggling to reach their daily protein intake due to lack of time for cooking. In the month of August, by using the code mw50, customers can get a 50% discount on their first order at checkout via their website factormeals.com/mw50. The text also mentions a full-length podcast episode with Phil in which his career history, rivalry with Kai Greene, and usage of PEDs will be discussed.