What is the ratio of attention that you get from guys versus girls? Oh, like 90-10. In favor of men, of course. Literally. And I think my Instagram statistics are like 91% men. Yeah. Anyone who thinks that this life is going to get you girls, you get more men to come at you. What does it say that like, the king of the aesthetics bro era is just swimming in men. There's just men everywhere and all of these guys that think, I'm going to go to the gym and if I get buffed, then I'm going to get loads of attention from girls. Which also, there's a line of respect in that because let's say you start doing something for the attention of women and then in the end you don't get it but you realize how much you love it so you keep doing it and your bros are like, that's dope. You're not doing it so your bros love you but you're doing it now because you actually love to do it rather than just getting a girl. There's a little bit more meaning in doing it for yourself and just because you love training. Come for the girls, stay for the gains. Exactly, yeah. Yeah, but it's it's just so funny like every person that I've spoken to that's in there's got a big platform that is built around their physique, it's like It's a lot of men every time a lot of men out there that like are you getting requests for sock? They sent please send me your used socks, please. I used to but I don't I don't read my DMS anymore Okay, I don't really go through a lot of his job. No guy. I'm the only one logged into myself He said me the stuff I post it. Okay, but I just don't even dive into it. There's too much shit in there There's gonna be it's a cesspool down there Chris There's all these like groups now and it's just like memes and tags and like it's not even like anyone actually saying it What do you mean? Like people will start a group Yep with like all their boys and Then like lifting club and it will be you and your friends from high school and then just throw Christmas in there cuz it's Funny, maybe you'll see it one day and I have like hundreds of those and that's all I really and they're not even messaging me They're messing each other and I'm just in the chat So I'll like I've like every couple months all I go and I'm like bored waiting someone I like look and I'm like, nope There's just nothing in there. Yeah, fuck. Yeah, what, talking about social media and the social media game, something that you guys like pay attention to, to continue to build, how have you dealt with the increasing amount of notoriety and pressure and eyes on you and stuff as somebody that's pretty heavily introverted and wants their privacy? You've had to make public relationship with misses, business, the most stressful times of your sporting career and stuff as well. Yeah. How does that feel? Like, how have you struggled with that and how's it helped you to grow? I think honestly, unlike most in that position, it's impacted me less than a lot of other shit my life has impacted me. I think I was just raised purely for valuing people who know who you are and who you are as a man and how you act in this world rather than what you accomplish. and what you own, and all these things. And all these people don't know who I am. So even from a young age, I literally remember thinking, like, all these compliments I'm getting, these people don't even know who I am. These people don't even, like, they can say whatever they want about me, but it's just this idea of me they're talking about, not actually me. So the compliments, while I'm grateful for it, and the support, and it means a lot to me, they don't know who I am. It doesn't make me better or worse, whatever they say. So when negativity comes in, and people say anything bad, it's, they're both one and the same. They're both just kind of like, out there, and it doesn't really mean anything. You know, if like, my mom came up to me, and was like, you're being a really fucking shitty person, I'd be like, what the fuck? Like, I would like, my heart would sink. You know, I would change my whole life. But like, if someone on the street comes up, and be like, you're this, that, I'd be like. You don't even know me. Yeah, like, what? But how do you, you know, your mind isn't naturally going to gravitate toward these meaner comments. We have this negativity bias that we see. Yeah. How have you trained yourself? Do you not look? Is there a strategy behind this, for how you try and avoid? that seeping in? I imagine if you're three weeks out from prep with everything in the toilet and you feel like crap and you've got 1500 calories to look forward to today, half of which is from broccoli, like the last thing that you want to see is someone saying something mean on the internet. So where do you go to deal with that? I mean, it's been, there's a lot of things and it's been a transition, but now at this point when I'm in prep, I mute everything. All notifications are off. I don't look at my comments. I don't really look at anything. And I would just rather that not seep into me. On a baseline, I can always bring myself back to what I said, understanding these people don't know me, but I'm obviously still affected by certain things that hit me. But again, if something affects me, it's because of something I have unhealed inside of myself. It comes back to where I'm still hurting, not so much what other people are or what they're thinking of me. So an example of something that hit me a few years ago, but it wasn't online, it was someone in person and they were just fucking around with me. We're bantering, we're guys, we give each other shit. And he said. something like oh wow when you were a kid like girls must have been like here's this good-looking tall jacked handsome guy come up to him and then you open your mouth and they hear you your voice in that list and they're like what the fuck and they're immediately they're like this fuck this guy and they leave you alone and I remember like feeling like a kid again just getting this washed over embarrassment and just like feeling like fucking like 12 years 15 years old again and I was like wow like I'm just like I used to be teased a little bit for my list I'm like that's still kind of in there a little bit but that's not because this guy's an asshole that's because when I was a kid someone made me feel like shit about it and I never really like gave that kid like the love and permission myself being that kid the love and permission to like be okay with that and understanding that doesn't represent himself so I think just taking those moments and using them as an opportunity to go inside yourself and kind of like hey give your like younger self a little bit of love and compassion who like didn't get it maybe when he was younger because he felt like alone you know to go back and try and heal those periods of your life rather than being angry at the other person because, I mean, that's really all there is to it, because if you're giving the power to the person, then you're just focusing on them and you're gonna continuously live in that pain. It doesn't help you, and they don't give a fuck. They're just throwing shit at you. They don't care what, they want you to react. In other news, this episode is brought to you by a product I have used every single day for over three years now, and that is AG1. It's a foundational nutrition supplement that covers whole body health. Helps with my digestion, it helps with my energy. It is the staple to my supplement regime, and it's the same for Dr. Andrew Huberman, Joe Rogan, Lex Freedman, Tim Ferriss. All of them have been using it for a very long time, and that's because they invest in the highest quality ingredients, and they've upgraded the recipe 52 times over the last decade as new researchers come in. Also, there is a 90-day money-back guarantee, so you can buy it and try it for 89 days, and if you do not like it, they will give you your money back. If you're looking for a simpler, effective investment for your health, try AG1. Get five free AG1 travel packs, plus a year's supply of vitamin D, and that 90-day. money-back guarantee by going to drinkag1.com slash wisdom. That's drinkag1.com slash wisdom.