If you only had 10 exercises for the rest of time, that's all you have in your library to stay as muscular as possible, give me the list. So the goal is to be as muscular as possible. Correct. Let's say I'm competing and I have 10 exercises. Sure. All right, sorry. I'm gonna have to count it on my hands. Squats. Why? Just overall leg growth, they help glutes. Quads, like a large portion of the leg that will really help. Barbell back squat. Super simple. If it's my whole life, I might actually do some Smith's machine squats because it'll help my knees a little bit, be a little bit easier. Okay. Plus stability and people hate me for that, but I love squatting in the Smith's machine. All right. I get a lot of shit for that. Deadlifts, just to get something that'll target my hamstrings. And so I don't have to take out another 10 of something too hamstring focused and glute and back focused. Pull-ups, so I can hit my back and biceps in one. Overhand, underhand? Neutral. Oh, neutral grip. Neutral probably, yeah. It's a little bit more lat and biceps. Yep, yep. Make sure my arms are going. Inclined dumbbell press. Uh-huh. I find inclines a little bit better on your shoulders. So if you're doing it, it's the only exercise you can do, you won't fuck up your shoulders as much. And dumbbell, it'll just keep you a little bit more symmetrical. I love that. I've always loved that exercise. Which is weird because inclined barbell press is one of the most uncomfortable for my shoulders. Really? Yeah. You can do dumbbell? Yeah. Most people feel better with dumbbell because you can go in a position Okay, how many is that? That's four. That's four, yeah. Yeah, six left. This is gonna be hard without like, I'd like have to make a list of 20 and cut out. The autism is put to one side for now. We're doing this in our heads together. Dumbbell shoulder press. Uh-huh, seated. Seated. Yeah. Dumbbell shoulder press. Yeah, I think that'll help your triceps and shoulders a lot. Um. Maybe a close grip flat bench. different part of the chest and triceps. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Four left. Dumbbell curl, just something specific. I'm so glad that was in there. How do you want to live without doing dumbbell curls for the rest of your life? It doesn't even help your physique, I just need it for my mindset. Exactly, yeah. With that, are you supinated? Again, this is the only one that you're going to get. Are you seated, are you standing? Standing, supinated. Okay, good, good. The OG of dumbbell curls. Just OG, yeah. Yeah, and it's got to be one arm at a time. It can't be both arms together, it's got to be one arm at a time. One arm at a time, yeah. Yeah, six of the basics. Good stuff. I think you've got three left. I have three left. I'm thinking what parts of the body I'm missing right now. Calves, probably. Oh, fuck, yeah, there's a calf in there. Are you, do you, well, you're not going to get it with anything else. A little bit on a deadlift, but maybe I'll just do stairs on the side and not tell you about that. Okay, fine. You've still got three exercises. You only needed seven so far. Damn, did I say bent over row? No. Bent over row. Okay. That'll help like stability, the core as well. And then like lower back and obviously upper back. Yeah, because the only back exercise that you've had so far is the pull-up. Deadlifts and pull-ups. Yeah. Bent over rows. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah, so I got two left. Yeah. Probably like a hanging leg raise, just to make sure your core is getting hit and you're not like fucking up your back. And then, this is a tough one, I think. I'm trying to like focus on either lateral raises or like a overhead tricep extension. Cause I haven't had a lot of like specific triceps. I would probably do lateral raises just to get some meaty delts over. Fuck yeah. Just do more close grip. Well, you've got the close grip and you've got the incline press. Yeah. So interesting. So Ryan Terry, who I know that you've trained with before, I asked him the same question and his ab exercise as well was hanging leg raises. Yeah. It seems to be the industry. inside a ab exercise of choice. I don't even know, I'm not the perfect person for that. I always try and work on my lower abs because it's harder for me to contract those rather than upper and that's usually when your stomach hangs out and on bodybuilding stage you don't want your gut hanging out essentially. What pulls it in is the lower part and when you do a hanging leg raise or like lying leg raise, it hits that part more. And also like hanging from a bar is really good for your shoulders and spine. So you're kind of hitting two birds with one stone. One of my friends, Alex, who basically has an unlimited budget said that he'd been to every shoulder specialist on the planet. He's like, I've spoken to every single person, all of the most expensive specialists in the world. The best thing that I've found is hanging from a bar. Hanging from a bar. Hanging from a fucking bar. It's crazy, yeah. Yeah, it's wild. I think he does it. I think he ends up like strapping up and just hanging from there for about 90 seconds a couple of times a day. I'd heard a rumor, I don't know whether you'd heard this, that because we'd spent so much time as primates swinging through the trees, that the way that our shoulders. still articulates like that position is still one that's very comfortable to us. And I'm gonna get torn apart by people who understand biomechanics in the comments, but there's supposed to be a little bit of truth to that. And it definitely feels nice. For sure, I mean, even if you're standing in a doorway and you just like do this and you're just chilling, you just feel better. What about your future CrossFit career? So we've spoken about what you've done so far, but before we started, you've said that you wanna take up CrossFit once you finished. Yeah, I mean, I used to be very athletic when I was young. It's really what got me into bodybuilding. I just loved sports. I played like six of them when I was younger. And I would like to get back to that like form of feeling like I could run, I'm strong, I can do a lot of body weight exercises, I could train anywhere in the world and just kind of like challenging my body in a new way. Because I'm obviously not gonna be hitting any PRs in the gym or being heavier than I've ever been than I am in my peak bodybuilding career. So just finding a new goal to focus on, my dabble in that, but it's more of like an athletic training that like you can call CrossFit. Okay. It's so funny to think that the particular sport that you chose to go after actually has a load of restrictions on it. Like it's very, very consistent, very repetitive by its nature, not a team sport. You know, there's a bunch of different things that it constrains you from doing. You know, what do you weigh now? How heavy are you? I'm about 262 right now, 260. Right, you said that you could dunk a year ago though. I could, yeah. At 260. I got a video of it, so I'm not lying. No way, did you put it online? It is online, yeah. Fuck yeah. But yeah, my point being that a game of pickup, you know, a 30 minute game of pickup basketball would probably be not very good for your knees. No, I did it last year. I was telling you that. Yeah, I went and played with a bunch of the guys here. We played, probably played for almost an hour. It was pretty long and I could not walk for a week. Like it was just inflammation and pain. I was just sitting in the ice bath. It's so bizarre, right? Because you think athlete, professional athlete. What do you do for a living? I like fitness things. Yeah, but people often don't call bodybuilders athletes. Yeah, but it's not that fitness either. Do you or do you not? Yeah, and you also said that after your last CrossFit workout, you'd had a cough for like 10 days. Yeah, there's a Camera what they call it a specific person. They named the cough Frank off Frank off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did you do Fran? Is that the workout? I don't think so. Okay, but you got Frank Frank off from Walking on the treadmill Yeah, it's thinking about what people want to do once they retire so to speak yeah and The fact that you've had all of these different physical outlets that have been like I can't do that Better not do that and snowboarding. I can only go twice a year in case what if I rupture an ACL That's not gonna be very good for my yeah. Yeah, so you are very much constrained with this We'll get back to talking to Chris in one minute. But first I need to tell you about element I'm gonna look there. You're gonna throw it and I'm just gonna catch it cuz I'm a I mean, I'm epic, right? We'll get back to talking to Chris in one minute. But first I need to tell you about element Element is a science-backed electrolyte ratio of sodium, potassium, and magnesium, with no gluten, no coloring, no artificial ingredients, or any other BS. It is the way that I have started my morning every single day for over three years now. Video guy, Dean, uses it, and it is an awesome, beautiful, very enjoyable drink. Proper hydration plays a critical role in reducing muscle cramps and fatigue whilst optimizing brain health and regulating appetite. Best of all, they've got a no BS, no questions asked refund policy with unlimited duration. So you can buy it, and if you do not like it for any reason, you can get your money back, and you don't even need to return the box. That's how confident they are that you'll love it. Head to drinklmnt.com slash modernwisdom to get a free sample pack of all eight flavors with any purchase. That's drinklmnt.com slash modernwisdom. Yeah, aiming for you there, Bennett.